<h3>Fixes</h3>

<ul>
<li>2D: Fixed Compressed ETC Variant Sprite Atlases become corrupted when changing their scale with target - latform set to Android. (955711)</li>
<li>2D: Fixed Sprite Renderer memory leak when changing size value in tiled mode. (1006814)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed hang when encountering exceptions or errors in BatchMode. (1021955)</li>
<li>Mono: Fixed a crash when loading some assemblies due to invalid metadata parsing. (1084557)</li>
<li>Physics: Fixed an issue where physics internal data wasn't being updated if the scene only contained - tatic colliders, causing issues with shape casts. (1064897)</li>
<li>Scripted Importers: Fixed crashes when ScriptedImporters are missing or modified. (1061326)</li>
<li>Scripted Importers: Fixed an issue where Scripted Importer version wouldn't work when reimporting ShaderGraph. (1082564)</li>
<li>Shaders: Made enum fields work with float values. (898536)</li>
<li>Shuriken: Fixed crash when sprite atlas is not included in build. (1032743)</li>
<li>Xbox-One: Unity projects now build for Xbox One with .net 4.6 compatible scripts and the Roslyn compiler. (1030308)</li>
</ul>

<p>Revision: 588dc79c95ed</p>

<h3>Improvements</h3>

<ul>
<li>Android: Added API 26 and 27 to scripting and Editor.</li>
<li>Mobile: Improved ping performance on Android devices supporting ICMP sockets, see the documentation for more information.</li>
<li>UI: Improved canvas inspector to show a warning when set to screen space overlay if the project is using VR.</li>
</ul>

<h3>Fixes</h3>

<ul>
<li>Android: Fixed to only include selected abi's from an .aar plugin. (1027547(1018697)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed crash when running on Android 8 in instant app mode. (None)</li>
<li>Android: Disabled warnings in ProGuard by default; fixes build errors with 3rd party plugins. (986779)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed black screen on Adreno GPU when using postprocessing stack and GLES2 graphics API. (1013708(984292)</li>
<li>Asset Bundles: Fixed an issue where building bundles could cause a hang in the Editor. (1061418)</li>
<li>Asset Import: Fixed push pull dilation not being applied when importing lightmaps. (1014724)</li>
<li>Build: Fixed build is no longer strict. (None)</li>
<li>DCC: Updated Default Texture Format to low quality. (1039331)</li>
<li>DirectX: Fixed running player on fullscreen exclusive mode shows black screen. (805844)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed rare crash when seam stitching is enabled on object packed to the boundary of a lightmap. (1000350)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed crash in Mesh.ClearBlendShapes. (1049575(972060)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed backface culling corner cases. (1014151(1010809)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed rare deadlock in CreateGpuProgram when graphics jobs are enabled. (1018879(934897)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Allow managed stack traces to work on the iOS App Store when an application is submitted with bitcode. (850163)</li>
<li>Launcher: Fixed editor crashing while loading a project if you quit Unity Hub. (1006887)</li>
<li>Mobile: Fixed screen flicker when launching Handheld.PlayFullScreenMovie. (978602)</li>
<li>Physics: Fixed cloth losing it's constraints when active on cloth component attached to a skinned mesh renderer. (962027)</li>
<li>Scene Management: Fixed modifying asset import settings from script changing 'timeCreated' in the meta-file, breaking asset representation. (856344)</li>
<li>UI: Fixed nested GameObjects without a Layout Element will effect a Layout Groups arranagement after being disabled and enabled. (1026779)</li>
<li>Video: Fixed audio from UnityEngine.Video.VideoPlayer is distorted when Audio Output Mode is Direct. (1002426)</li>
<li>VR: Updated copy of warning and log message when using Canvas screen space overlay render mode when VR is enabled. (1046113)</li>
<li>Web: Fixed crash when aborting AssetBundle download using UnityWebRequest. (976010)</li>
<li>Xbox One: Fixed rendering errors. (1058870)</li>
<li>Xbox One: Player fails to load files larger than ~2GB. (1032417)</li>
<li>Xbox One: DownloadHandlerFile constructor always fails. (1040849)</li>
</ul>

<p>Revision: f1557d1f61fd</p>

<h3>Improvements</h3>

<ul>
<li>iOS: Metal: Enabled setDepthClipMode on all supported devices.</li>
<li>Linux - Improve filesystem performance to handle large cache sizes.</li>
<li>XR: Updated Google VR NDK to 1.130 for Android/1.120 for iOS.</li>
<li>XR - Updated Oculus to version 1.22.</li>
</ul>

<h3>Fixes</h3>

<ul>
<li>2D: Fixed an issue that was causing the Physics Shape of a Sprite2D to not being properly set unless the 'Edit Physics Shape' tab was opened first. (986368)(985912)</li>
<li>Android: Workaround gyroscope lag issues that happen on some android devices. (912848)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed Time.deltaTime sometimes returning a negative value on certain devices/Android versions. (1013174 (970945)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed unity pausing during Android Handheld.PlayFullScreenMovie start. (978599)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed possible crash with Performance Reporting enabled. (965024)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed Skybox distortion on specific Android devices with Vivante GC1000/GC2000 GPU. (967647)(903140)</li>
<li>Asset Import: Fixed crash when importing fbx .meta files that contain references to inexisting scripts. (999832)(960267)</li>
<li>AssetBundles: Fixed packing AudioMixerController, AudioMixerGroup and AudioMixerSnapshot into bundles with disabled type trees. (976768)</li>
<li>Audio: Fixed a bug where the matrices passed to spatializer and ambisonic plugins could be set to the identity matrix briefly when a sound starts playing. (991034)</li>
<li>Build Pipeline: Fixed old UnityChannel Xaiomi files not being deleted when new package manager package is installed. (None)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed local assets being overwritten during collab update. (1014028)(952569)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed editor crashing in "RenderSelectionOutline" when using ImageEffectAllowedInSceneView and set camera's targetTexture to null. (966404)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed an issue where changing override format on a texture could cause Unity to crash. (961745)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed vsync not always off in scene view on macOS. (1009687)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed skinned mesh not being removed on undo. (925835)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed input field staying highlighted after Enter key was pressed. (998785)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed errors related to temp TLS allocations. (926833 (921915)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed various UnityEditor.VersionControl.Provider APIs when used with newly created VersionControl.Assets. (905161)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed early flipping of login page in Mac by increasing the timeout. (980070)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed an issue where multiple precompiled test assemblies with the same name would cause an error. (997902)(995476)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed a Windows-specific crash in YAMLMerge when trying to merge files. (1001449)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed the issue where dragging the slider was producing multiple undo steps. (998785)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed various performance issues in YAMLMerge. (1001460)</li>
<li>FMOD: Fixed a performance regression in FMOD. (None)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed realtime probes going black when unloading a scene that was a part of a multi-scene bake. (996127)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed brighter baked or real-time lightmaps compared to 2017.1 when using emissive materials. (986160)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed duplicate GI light probe data in the player build with scenes that were part of a multi-scene bake. (971907)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed an issue where LoadDataTimeSliced works on the wrong scene mapping in the Editor. (1000692)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed realtime probes not working when loading scenes (that were baked together) additively. (957736)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed the "m_ProbeSetHashes.empty()" error occuring in certain projects when clearing the GI cache or when quitting the standalone. (949117)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed harmless "Lighting data asset [...] is inconsistent" errors when moving those assets between projects. (990626)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed errors on loading Enlighten probesets in the Editor after clearing the GI cache. (980811)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed an issue where baking multiple scenes together resulted in a LightingData.asset file vastly bigger than the sum of the sizes of the assets being baked in scenes. (913869)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed a potential crash when using marquee selection in the Editor, to select dynamic geometry such as particles, lines and trails. (1021655)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed Android/OpenGLES Cubemap native texture not being registered correctly causing cubemap CopyTexture to native texture to fail. This also fixed Oculus Cubemap overlays not rendering. (1014884)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed OpenGL ES crash due to problem with cached VertexAttribArray. (989484)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed black screen on devices that do not support RGBA16F rendering to texture. (989654)</li>
<li>Home: Fixed multiple issues with styling to enable windows scaling. (None)</li>
<li>Home: Fixed the launcher manage license page not handling losing of the network properly. (None)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Added Windows runtime storage extensions. (992138)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Improved the startup performance of Unity players built with IL2CPP. (989476)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Reduced Android build size. (None)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Handle method parameter attributes for methods on generic types. (999803)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Corrected a possible build failure with IL2CPP when an attribute constructor has two arguments of type object. (993422)</li>
<li>Inspector Functionality: Fixed objects using HideAndDontSave being visible in preview windows, after being disabled and enabled. (963576)</li>
<li>iOS: Fixed crashes on some iOS devices due to unbound textures when using Metal API. (1002408)</li>
<li>iOS: Fixed standard shader specular highlights on mobiles. (None)</li>
<li>iOS: Added support for iPhone X second stage splash screen. (972995)</li>
<li>iOS: Fixed ReadPixels() crash on Metal when reading out of bounds of current active render texture. (990594)(981074)</li>
<li>iOS: Fixed Display.SetResolution not working during the first frame. (1003879)(995079)</li>
<li>iOS: Fixed crash when creating texture from PNG image when cardboard VR is enabled. (1016615 (1013198)</li>
<li>iOS: Fixed an audio crash when moving an app to the background, and back to the foreground. (967197)</li>
<li>iOS: Metal: Fixed MSAA behavior when using RenderPass. (N/A)</li>
<li>iPhone X: Fixed navigating to home pressing buttons located at the bottom of the screen. (973437)</li>
<li>Linux: Fixed Linux touch input for mouse events. (947049)</li>
<li>Mobile: Fixed crash in SplatMaterials::FindMaterialProperties when opening a scene with a certain Terrain and Material combination. (919769)</li>
<li>Mono: Fixed random error when using UDPClient. (990979)</li>
<li>Multiplayer: Fixed server active disconnect client for web sockets. (N/A)</li>
<li>Multiplayer: Fixed editor crashing on AddWebsocketHost on second instance using the same port. (1008385)</li>
<li>OSX: Fixed crash in UnitcodeInputView during editor shutdown. (946958)</li>
<li>Package Manager: Fixed project stored on OneDrive causing Package Manager error and preventing a project from being opened. (841172)</li>
<li>Package Manager: Fixed building as the local system user failing on Windows. (960093)</li>
<li>Particles: Fixed alpha output not being clamped to ensure compatibility with HDR. (967476)</li>
<li>Particles: Fixed crash when emitting particles from script. (988854)</li>
<li>Particles: Fixed error when sorting by youngest/oldest. (988874)</li>
<li>Particles: Fix edperformance regressions when emitting from script with a Size module enabled. (983677)</li>
<li>Particles: Fixed Prefab modifications allowed to be added multiple times. (989631)</li>
<li>Particles: Fixed Rate over Distance emission in Edit Mode. (1009717 (967752)</li>
<li>Physics: Ensured that a Kinematic Rigidbody2D created in script stays in a relative position to any parent Rigidbody2D when reparented. (983374)</li>
<li>Physics: Fixed disabling and enabling a collider on an inactive gameobject producing transform error messages. (985757)(968882)</li>
<li>Physics: Ensured that recursive 2D physics callbacks do not causes a crash when reparenting/disabling with existing contacts. (1006679)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed incorrect value when using Math.Round with MidpointRounding.AwayFromZero. (993302)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed exception when binding delegate with Enum value to method with int parameter. (977917)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed crash when using named pipes. (929984)</li>
<li>Services: Fixed exception when building in Cloud Build with Performance Reporting enabled. (996951)</li>
<li>Shaders: Fixed an issue with the Shader Compiler which would result in GLSL based platforms not being able to compiler certain shaders. (919351)</li>
<li>Shaders: Fixed shader compiler crash when compiling specific D3D9 shaders. (968997)</li>
<li>Substance: Fixed a memory leak when using cloned ProceduralMaterials. (1005779)</li>
<li>Timeline: Fixed issues where copied Timeline tracks and clips could retain a link to the source asset, or end up being saved as part of the source asset. (979587) (991434)</li>
<li>UI: Fixed instances where Font.textureRebuilt would not be called even though the internal texture was regenerated. (988310)(939853)</li>
<li>UI: Fixed OnEndDrag not being called when dragging while the application loses focus. (995453)(937370)</li>
<li>UI: Fixed crash in profiler window when a linked Render Texture Camera is disabled. (984325)(966106)</li>
<li>Unity Connect: Fixed codeless IAP button missing its attached script when rebuilding the library. (None)</li>
<li>Universal Windows Platform: Fixed compiler warnings about inconsistent DLL linkage when using Windows 10 Fall Creators Update SDK. (None)</li>
<li>Universal Windows Platform: Fixed player getting stuck on a white screen when a fatal error (such as unable to load files or system doesn't meet minimum requirements) occurs during startup. (1010354)</li>
<li>Universal Windows Platform: Fixed a crash in .NET native compiler ("RHB0011: Internal error: 'pchTypeNameEnd[0] == L'&gt;"at'f:\dd\ndp\rh\src\tools\rhbind\makepdb.cpp:998") in certain scenarios involving plugins. (991154)</li>
<li>Universal Windows Platform: Fixed build failing on IL2CPP scripting backend if class library from Mono directory was copied into the project (like System.Data.dll). (997876)</li>
<li>Universal Windows Platform: Fixed Application.isMobilePlatform results to be consistent with SystemInfo.deviceType. Also update API docs for these APIs. (991466)</li>
<li>Universal Windows Platform: Fixed .NET native compiler crash when using List or List in a serializable class. (979741)</li>
<li>Universal Windows Platform: Fixed reference rewriter not fixing references for System.Net.Sockets.Socket when DLL where it's being referenced was compiled against .NET 3.5. (947209)</li>
<li>VR: Fixing crash involving VR Mock Device when using TrackedPoseDriver. (966990)</li>
<li>WebGL: Fixed not handling playBuffer exception when there is no audio output on Safari. (994913)(960863)</li>
<li>Windows: Fixed resolution dialog not showing monitor list and crashing on pressing 'Play' button on some weird monitor setups. (996015)</li>
<li>Windows: Fixed mouse events for non-primary display on Windows standalone player. (None)</li>
<li>Windows: Fixed assert when stopping and then immediately destroying DictationRecognizer. (986045)</li>
<li>Windows: Player executable is once again large address aware. (990939)</li>
<li>Windows: Fixed crash on startup in case screen width/height player preferences in registry got corrupted. (979198)</li>
<li>Windows: Fixed opening project in Editor causing Unity to terminate it without opening the new one. (1016692 (978204)</li>
<li>Xbox One: Updated Mono to support dynamic function calls on Xbox One. (938545)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed an issue with lights failing to completely illuminate scene geometry during stereo rendering. (965494)</li>
<li>XR: Update VR SDK not supported in Editor warning. (None)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed incorrect thread affinity setting on Gear VR. (None)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed stabilization plane not getting set correctly via the SetFocusPointForFrame() API, resulting in poor hologram stabilization and color separation on HoloLens. (995065)</li>
</ul>

<p>Revision: 372229934efd</p>

<h3>Improvements</h3>

<ul>
<li>iOS: Expose APIs that allow changing home button hiding and system gesture deferral properties on runtime.</li>
<li>Video: RGB to YUV conversion that happens during video transcoding and recording is now 2-3 times faster.</li>
<li>XR: Update Google VR NDK to v1.100.</li>
<li>XR: Update Oculus to version 1.21</li>
</ul>

<h3>Fixes</h3>

<ul>
<li>AI: Fixed NavMeshAgents swapping to different NavMeshes when they are disabled and re-enabled right on an edge. (970718)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed a rare static splash screen crash. (971571)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed decimal point button in decimal keyboard for older Samsungs. (973815)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed an issue where the full-screen movie player didn't autorotate. (962450)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed a bug causing the loading of native audio plugins to fail on Android. (992023)</li>
<li>Animation: Fixed an issue that was causing the Editor to throw an exception when selecting animator transitions in an undocked preview window. (967382)</li>
<li>Animation: Improved fix for creating an ongoing transition. (941945)</li>
<li>Animation: Fixed a crash caused by invoking QueryComponentByType() when code stripping is enabled. (989240)</li>
<li>Apple TV: Removed 2x App store icon slices that cause App Store validation to fail. (972927)</li>
<li>Asset Bundles: Fixed crash caused by a Sprite Atlas trying to load in sprites that were packaged in an Asset Bundle that hasn't been loaded. (985914)</li>
<li>Asset import: Fixed bug with import of FBX with custom framerate generating animationClips with an incorrect framerate. (973917)</li>
<li>Asset Import: Fixed crash when setting the property ModelImporter.clipAnimations, when the clip avatar mask is set to "Create From This Model". (960595)</li>
<li>Assets: Fixed Assetdatabase.Refresh taking longer than necessary. (969205)</li>
<li>Audio: Fixed a crash in AudioLowPassFilter on Nintendo Switch. (975345)</li>
<li>Audio: Fixed a bug where AudioManager::Update was generating a small amount of garbage memory, if a spatializer was selected. (991111)</li>
<li>Build Pipeline: Improved player and asset bundle build performance for large builds. (959444)</li>
<li>Cache Server: Fixed an issue which caused the Unity client to hang indefinitely. (953940)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed being able to start multiple PlayMode and EditMode test runs at the same time from the test runner ui. (969114 (945000)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed bootstrap scene sometiems being left behind if running PlayMode and EditMode tests from script. (969114)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed lightingdata.asset files getting re-opened in text mode in certain situations. (975920)</li>
<li>Editor: Added an optional Async Query Mode for Perforce VCS integration (see Editor Settings) to stop the editor freezing when the Perforce - connection has high latency. (922829)</li>
<li>Facebook: Fixed unhandled BadImageFormatException for deleted SDK .dll. (975427 (956872)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed editor crash when when deleting a prefab which is used as a tree in Terrain inspector. (946550)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed asserts and potential memory leaks when Skinned Mesh Renderers with the "Update When Offscreen" property enabled are not visible. (961692, 964998)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed issue where DrawMeshInstanced calls will render with inverse normals if the previous draw call used negative scaling. (956919 (891894)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed changing the projectors render queue in script not having an effect. (841236)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed a crash in the job system related to light culling. (930408)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed crash in Canvas node extraction, usually triggering a crash on save. (973686)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed crash during a visibility callback when a GameObject which was not visible is set inactive followed by setting a visible GameObject inactive. (968591)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed crash in CommandBuffer.DrawMeshInstanced when called with a null property block. (951975)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fix for Crash in Projector::PrepareRenderNode after selecting GameObject in the Hierarchy. (976076)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Fixed a crash on iOS which can occur when a device is awakened during a blocking socket call with a SIGPIPE signal. (957651)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Work around for a C++ compiler bug in the Android r13b NDK that could cause the NullCheck method to be incorrectly removed from the - resulting binary. (962771)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Fixed potential crash when default parameter values are used. (973052)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Improved the performance of code conversion when many nested generic types are used. (975496)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Fixed a problem with the decimal to double conversion implementation with the new scripting runtime. (959791)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Fixed crash in Unity Linker (System.InvalidProgramException: Failed to resolve [UnityEngine]System.Resources.NeutralResourcesLanguageAttribute) when using a managed DLL that has a non-existing attribute on it. (969958)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Implemented sending of email via SmtpClient with .NET 4.6. (947208)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Fixed issue where android builds would crash on launch with the 4.5 runtime when the byte code stripping option was selected. (922979)</li>
<li>iOS: Fix iOS 11 crash when application is launched from URL and airplay screen mirroring is enabled. (980362)</li>
<li>iOS: Metal: Fixed MSAA corner case causing warning messages and validation error. (983853)</li>
<li>iOS: Fixed trampoline calling UI methods ([UIApplication delegate]) from a background thread. (956318) (57809)</li>
<li>iOS: Fixed locked orientation app getting rotations from portrait to landscape when sharing to another app on iOS 8 &amp; 9. (913856) (57503)</li>
<li>iOS: Fixed problem with missing keyboard Done/Cancel buttons for iPhone X. (979005) (58588)</li>
<li>iOS: Fixed an issue where fullscreen movies could no longer be dismissed with a tap on iOS 11. (940608)</li>
<li>iOS: Allow landscape startup on iOS11. (980303)</li>
<li>iOS: Fixed videos started with Handheld.PlayFullScreenMovie not resuming after returning to the app in some circumstances. (954593)</li>
<li>Launcher: Fix display of Unity Teams "Seat Required" message when project is both in the cloud and on disk. (963246)</li>
<li>License: Fixed issue when cached refresh token &amp; access token expired, command line activation will failed. (940084)</li>
<li>License: Removed misleading "This should not be called in batch mode" message when returning license. (877423 (972989)</li>
<li>Metal: Fixed an edge case crash when using grab-pass on metal. (973813)</li>
<li>Multiplayer: Skipped soft socket error, to prevent host to be closed. (None)</li>
<li>Package Manager: Fixed editor not starting because of custom proxy configuration on host machine. (None)</li>
<li>Particles: Fixed Stop Action when it should be used for off-screen Particle Systems. (974867)</li>
<li>Particles: Fixed Rate over Distance emission issues. (960527) (964537)</li>
<li>Particles: Fixed crash when using [RuntimeInitializeOnLoadMethod] attribute. (975289)</li>
<li>Particles: Fixed crash when enabling some modules from script (e.g. SizeOverLifetime). (977710)</li>
<li>Particles: Fixed emission properties being incorrectly upgraded from previous Unity versions. (966306)</li>
<li>Particles: Fixed Duration property when used on Sub-Emitters. (968096)</li>
<li>Physics: Fixed PhysX crash when calling Physics.OverlapBoxNonAlloc on Android devices. (878407)</li>
<li>Physics: Fixed potential crash in Rigidbody::GetVelocity() when opening certain scenes. (955697)</li>
<li>Physics: Fixed crashes when loading new scene and activating cloth gameobject in coroutine. (951789)</li>
<li>Physics: Fixed issue where Physics Debugger's layer mask does not filter GameObject correctly. (948201)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed an issue causing GC allocation for UnityEvent handler without parameters in some cases. (978101)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed random crash due to memory corruption on domain reload. (967206)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed URI processing on OSX. (907918)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed crash when using GitHub for Unity. (930358)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed deadlocks and pauses when using System.Threading.Monitor. (827984)</li>
<li>Scripting: Improved TypeLoadException messages. (957072)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed DllImport when library name is specified with path. (952631)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed TypeLoadException for types and array initializers larger than 1 MB. (962711)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed InternalsVisibleToAttribute. (945353)</li>
<li>Scripting Upgrade: Fixed Android crash when script debugger is enabled. (973794)</li>
<li>Scripting Upgrade: Corrected a C# compiler bug which could result in "the type cannot be used as type parameter `T' in the generic type or method" errors. (991464)</li>
<li>Scripting Upgrade: Fixed EntryPointNotFoundException when calling HTTPClient.GetAsync on Android. (935292)</li>
<li>Scripting Upgrade: Fixed Socket.Send failing silently on Windows. (984723)</li>
<li>Scripting Upgrade: Fixed Android crash when NullReferenceException is raised. (954427)</li>
<li>Scripting Upgrade: Fixed crash when using 'fixed' statement on a string. (960555)</li>
<li>Scripting Upgrade: Fixed crash when using named pipes. (942966)</li>
<li>Scripting Upgrade: Fixed crash on exit when script debugger is enabled. (974228)</li>
<li>Scripts Only Build: Fixed issue where a user could select a different destination than the last non-scripts only build. (978680)</li>
<li>Services: Performance Reporting: Report device model field for Managed Exceptions. (980816)</li>
<li>Shaders: Fixed some edge cases where shaders would be compiled using cached include file data which was out of date. (None)</li>
<li>Terrain: Removed Editor error about non read/write textures. (964302)</li>
<li>Terrain: Fixed default smoothness for terrain without a texture. (962764)</li>
<li>Timeline: Fixed console errors when using Default Playables package. (967026)</li>
<li>Timeline: Fixed preview mode for properties animated by Control Tracks. (965091)</li>
<li>Timeline: Fixed an issue where custom tracks could be lost if they contained compile errors. (979700)</li>
<li>Timeline: Fixed ArgumentOutOfRangeException that shows in console when shift-selecting a clip that was undo-move. (986872)</li>
<li>UGUI: Fixed a driven RectTransform causing a scene to be constantly flagged as dirty. (991019)</li>
<li>UGUI: Fixed undoing the activation of a UI layout component not undoing the side effects to the children RectTransforms. (991023)</li>
<li>Universal Windows Platform: Fixed debugging scripts on .NET scripting backend. (949806) (934783)</li>
<li>Universal Windows Platform: Fixed NavMeshObstacles being ignored on 64-bit master builds. (955086)</li>
<li>Universal Windows Platform: Fixed NotSupportedException being thrown on UWP builds with .NET scripting backend enabled when using Timeline. (966790)</li>
<li>Video: Fixed crash on attempting to upgrade project. (979757)</li>
<li>Video: Fixed not being able to Enable Transcoding on Video File. (958543)</li>
<li>Video: Fixed video not being played when trying to play it in the Video Clip Importer preview. (978449)</li>
<li>Video: Fixed videos being transcoded when switching platform even when they are cached in Cache Server. (963979 (976826)</li>
<li>Video: Meta files are updated for videos that were transcoded during platform switch resulting in litter for VCS. (962118)</li>
<li>Web: Fixed Content-Disposition for file sections not being standard-compliant in UnityWebRequest. (980327)</li>
<li>Web: Fixed crash when checking AssetBundle download progress, that gets aborted. (968877)</li>
<li>Web: Fixed DownloadHandlerFile not truncating file on overwrite. (None)</li>
<li>Web: UnityWebRequest: improve performance for DownloadHandlerScript. (965165)</li>
<li>Web: Fixed hang when busy waiting on a redirecting request. (963947)</li>
<li>WebGL: Added indexedDB caching mechanism for XMLHttpRequest in WebGL. (937594)</li>
<li>WebGL: Fixed UnityWebRequest with relative URL when running with custom port. (961465)</li>
<li>WebGL: Fixed crash for relative URL in UnityWebRequest when exceptions are disabled. (965094)</li>
<li>Windows: Fixed possible crash in UnityWebRequest on Windows platforms when using UnityWebRequest with custom download handler script. (None)</li>
<li>Windows: Fixed executable not having Unity version info. (964052)</li>
<li>Windows: Fixed game window not getting minimized when using exclusive fullscreen mode on Windows key press. (953086)</li>
<li>Windows Standalone: Fixed a regression where a fullscreen application would be restored to the native resolution of the attached display after losing focus. The expected outcome was that it should be restored to the original resolution that it was - launched on. (972924 (950056)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed Windows Mixed Reality controllers not being properly detected in Editor Play mode. (948931)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed early out of Virtual Reality SDK list when SDKs that are unsupported in play mode try to initialize. Also Improved log messages around the Virtual Reality SDK list in Play Mode. (971293)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed Oculus not reporting values for XRStats properties. (883630)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed a regression that would cause BEV cameras not to track properly. (None)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed shaders targeting XR platforms being included in builds where XR support is disabled. (971944)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed ScreenCapture.CaptureScreenshot() captures stereo instancing screenshots incorrectly. (970906)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed issue with grabpass when used single-pass stereo rendering. (963320)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed tracking loss never recovers in Windows Mixed Reality. (969944)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed a random crash in Windows Mixed Reality. (None)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed inconsistency between generic code path and WSA-namespace-specific path for whether select is pressed. (970844)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed UnityEngine.Experimental.XR.Boundary.TryGetGeometry throwing internal exception always failing. (963315)</li>
<li>XR: Removed application orientation settings disable when Virtual Reality Supported is enabled and update info message related to the settings. (986941)</li>
<li>XR: Android - Fixed errors when building for Daydream and Cardboard with Proguard enabled. (949379)</li>
</ul>

<p>Revision: 1f4e0f9b6a50</p>

<h3>Improvements</h3>

<ul>
<li>2D - Exposed methods to set and retrieve Physics Shape from a Sprite.</li>
<li>2D - Improved the name for the packed texture generated by a Sprite Atlas.</li>
<li>2D - Sprites created by importing a texture now have a default Physics Shape generated.</li>
<li>Android - Changed "Bundle Identifier" to "Package Name" in associated error messages.</li>
<li>Android - Improved error messages from android sdk tools.</li>
<li>Android: Proguard is no longer enabled by default for gradle release builds.</li>
<li>Android: Release gradle builds now signed with a debug key instead of failing to build.</li>
<li>Apple TV - Added support for attitude data coming from new AppleTV remote.</li>
<li>Editor - Fix labels for LZ4 compression to be less confusing</li>
<li>GI: Various lightmap seam stitching improvements for Progressive Lightmapper.</li>
<li>Graphics - Added APIs to retrieve areas safe for UI rendering. Currently supported on iOS and tvOS only.</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Improved incremental build performance on OSX.</li>
<li>iOS - Added identification enums for iPhone 8, 8+ and X.</li>
<li>iOS - Added player setting to specify whether the home button should be hidden on iPhone X.</li>
<li>iOS - Added player setting to specify which device edges defer system gestures to the second swipe.</li>
<li>iOS - Added support for iPhone X launch images.</li>
<li>Linux - Improved native plugin lookup.</li>
<li>Playables: Updated Playable.ConnectInput to take take an optional weight parameter.</li>
<li>Playables: Updated the Playable API documentation.</li>
<li>Scripting: Added command line option "overrideMonoSearchPath" for desktop standalone players (OSX, Windows).</li>
<li>Shaders - Concatenated matrix macros (e.g. UNITY_MATRIX_MVP) are now changed to static variables to avoid repeated calculations.</li>
<li>tvOS - Implemented support for 4K AppleTV icons and splashscreens.</li>
<li>Video - Removed audio glitches that follow seek/underruns in VideoPlayer.</li>
<li>XR - Improved performance on Windows Mixed Reality by removing a potential thread stall that would occur whenever beginning a new frame while the previous frame had not completed presenting.</li>
<li>XR - Updated Vuforia to version 6.5.23.</li>
<li>XR: Added PlayerSettings Get/SetVirtualRealitySupported, Get/SetVirtualRealitySDKs, and GetAvailableVirtualRealitySDKs for aquiring and setting the XR Settings on Virtual Reality Supported toggle and Virtual Reality SDKs list.</li>
<li>XR: Enabled single-pass stereo rendering for Windows MR.</li>
</ul>

<h3>Fixes</h3>

<ul>
<li>XR: Fixed background rendering in ARCore apps running on Pixel XL no longer appearing stretched.</li>
<li>XR: Fixed issues with using values other than 1.0 for eyeTextureResolutionScale on Windows MR.</li>
<li>2D: Fixed crash when Sprite Atlas scale results in a non-power-of-two texture and Crunch Compression is enabled. (960808, 953058)</li>
<li>2D: Fixed ReflectionTypeLoadException from TilePalette when TilePalette is opened with 4.6 .Net and a user assembly cannot be loaded. (952556)</li>
<li>2D: Fixed SetMinMax for Bounds/RectInt.</li>
<li>2D: Fixed SortingGroup not applying sorting changes when child objects are duplicated or added dynamically.</li>
<li>2D: Fixed switching platform and building project without making any changes will not cause Sprite Atlas asset to change. (968721)</li>
<li>2D: Fixed the generation of Sprite Physics Shape for Sprites when the Texture is set to multiple Sprites mode, has no user Sprite Physics Shape set and does not generate a tight mesh for the Sprite.</li>
<li>2D: Fixed tiled sprite renderer crash when a sprite is being packed in a Sprite Atlas which is not included in the build. (960807, 954812)</li>
<li>2D: Fixed Tilemap Move to show correct Move preview. (952529)</li>
<li>2D: Fixed TilemapRenderer showing tiles when Tilemap.ClearAllTiles() is called. (951514)</li>
<li>2D: Fixed updating an active Tilemap palette prefab not exposing it into the SceneView. (947462)</li>
<li>AI: Fixed NavMesh.SamplePoint failing for meshes in range when another navmesh was below the point and out of range. (935433)</li>
<li>AI: Fixed unwanted gap in the NavMesh produced by a concave edge crossing a tile boundary. (930830)(959526)</li>
<li>Android: Disable GPU fences for two Android 6 devices which have been found to have compatibility issues causing performance loss: HTC 10 and LG G5 SE. (924891)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed a player crash caused by enabling GPU profiling when the selected graphics API was not OpenGL ES 3. (946913, 944118)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed android build failing with target SDKs 21-23. (956658)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed android video player playback starting to lag after activating input field. (934841)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed android video player stuttering and dropping frames. (931038)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed crash on some Adreno devices. (961094)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed crash while processing input during destruction. (934782)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed loading player data for very specific file sizes/content. (959908)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed plugin importer architecture selection. (963291)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed project export overwriting res/ directory when exporting to keep local changes to layouts etc. intact.</li>
<li>Android: Fixed realtime HDR reflection probes being black on older Android devices. (776875)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed setting multiple response headers with same name in UnityWebRequest. (944091)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed shader compile error on devices not supporting GL_FRAGMENT_PRECISION_HIGH.(945953)</li>
<li>Android: Fixed symbols.zip not including symbols file. (942625)</li>
<li>Animation: Fixed an issue where PrepareFrame was called at the wrong moment in the frame. (927919)</li>
<li>Animation: Fixed assert in play mode when Culling Type is set to "Based on Renderers". (943954)</li>
<li>Animation: Fixed assert when loading AnimationClip asynchronously in AssetBundles. (964932, 943438)</li>
<li>Animation: Fixed being unable to set the transition time in Animator.CrossFade(). (941945)</li>
<li>Animation: Fixed bool property not properly restored to initial value when exiting animation window. (948768, 947491)</li>
<li>Animation: Fixed case where sprite and material reference were not animatable at the same time in the SpriteRenderer. (945292)</li>
<li>Animation: Fixed case where transition between animations makes GetIKRotation and GetIKPosition returned incorrect value. (945035)</li>
<li>Animation: Fixed CurveField not updating animation curve when reference changes from render to render. (952170)</li>
<li>Asset Import: Fixed psd import issue where a psd looked different from a png. (931359, 931267)</li>
<li>AssetDatabase: Fixed an issue where AssetDatabase.GetSubFolders() didn't return any results, and updated the manual to reflect that this method only accepts relative paths. (931944)</li>
<li>Build Pipeline: Fixed a crash in BuildReporting::BuildReport::BeginBuildStep caused when BuildAssetBundles was being called from an OnPreprocessBuild callback. (941192, 958237)</li>
<li>Build: Exceptions in OnPreProcessBuild will now halt the build process correctly. (942296)</li>
<li>Collab: Fixed project manifest not being tracked in Collab. (951350)</li>
<li>DirectX 12: Fixed a crash when running on Windows 7 machine with first API in the list being DX12 and Graphics Jobs enabled. (964073)</li>
<li>DX12: Fixed memory leak when rendering procedurally generated meshes while using the Direct3D12 graphics API in the Windows Standalone build. (956272)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed an issue where lightmaps are generated even though the scene does not contain any baked light contribution. (926559)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed crash when dragging component without managed instance to hierarchy. (950172)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed crash while processing input during destruction. (946958)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed curve WrapModeIcon drawing when the Curve window is embedded into another window. (947024)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed editor restart prompt when selecting the same Active Input Handling option. (968535)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed importing a cubemap with invalid metafile crashing. (905397, 918819)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed incorrect framing of GameObject hierarchies in Scene View. (957525)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed incorrect tool placement when pivot mode was set to Center. (962721)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed incorrect wrap icon button in particle curve editor window. (947024)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed issue where performing a drag and drop operation to a GameObject that is being edited in the Preview window of Timeline would apply changes to its associated Prefab that cannot be reverted. (961428, 925381)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed player settings not using the default icon if non are specified. (953161)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed Plugin Inspector showing only one option in Framework Dependencies when switching to iOS platform and .NET 4.6. (948326, 930624)</li>
<li>Editor: Fix random hangs during Editor startup. (945607)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed Scene view picking sometimes not selecting the topmost object. (943051)</li>
<li>Editor: Fixed SceneView bounds calculations not taking multiple colliders and renderers into account when calculating the framing and centre - point. (953301)</li>
<li>Editor: Reduced size of LightingDataAsset when baking light probes with multiple scenes loaded. (913869)</li>
<li>GI: Fix a crash in ApplyMaterialPassWithCache when generating lighting and Lightmap Static option is enabled. (946517)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed 'Show Lightmap Resolution' checkbox not working. (956577)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed crash when deleting Speedtree asset files from project folder when in use by prefab.</li>
<li>GI: Fixed Enlighten not generating lightmaps for meshes imported without UVs and with Generate Lightmap UVs option enabled. (854349)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed MaterialPropertyBlock values for Meta pass when using on terrain mesh with Realtime GI. (935149)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed navigating in scene view restarting baking when trees are painted on terrain. (955739, 955667)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed shadows when shadow prepare job is not run. (930221)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed terrain artifacts caused by Enlighten terrain mesh triangulation being different from the original mesh triangulation. (754298)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed terrain trees do not casting shadows into baked lightmaps. (685764)</li>
<li>GI: Fixed the UI in inspector not correctly showing light mode when multiple lights are selected. (851817, 929875)</li>
<li>Graphics: Added error message for graphics APIs that do not support texture wrap mode "mirror once" (Android Vulkan, Android GLES3 and WebGL). (912323)</li>
<li>Graphics: Emit error messages instead of assert when the screen position is out of view frustum.(947342)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fix Vulkan validation layer errors (on Windows) when switching to fullscreen. (941149)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fix Vulkan validation layer errors associated with image barriers.</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed a crash in 'RenderTexture::DiscardContents' when opening the scene. (935328)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed an issue where an off-screen SkinnedMeshRenderer with 'update when off-screen' enabled was not being skinned. (939897)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed asserts when animations disable newly visible renderers. (950215)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed atlased ETC1 textures with split alpha rendering in editor outside of play mode. (942923)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed batching with unused stencil bit in G-Buffer pass. (962696)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed crash when certain variables of CustomRenderTexture are used in script. (942563)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed crash when creating sprite with unsupported texture format. (944413)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed culling of projectors not matching Editor scene cameras. (954828)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed D3D11 driver assert message and potential crash "Invalid mask passed to GetVertexDeclaration() when using post-effect". (932940)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed exception being thrown when the backgroung color of a Reflection Probe is changed. (939947)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed GL_INVALID_ENUM error with OpenGL ES when using point primitives.</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed incorrect calculation of the Umbra occlusion culling near plane from the camera settings. (840098)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed incorrect definition of _ShadowCoord in AutoLight.cginc leading to unexpected compilation errors or extra useless interpolator. (924464)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed issue where some user shader keywords were handled incorrectly leading to compilation errors when building for standalone. (944334)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed not being able to set any Mesh on a Skinned Mesh Renderer. (946068)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed object with "Dynamic Occludee" property being disabled rendering in Preview window when selecting a different object. (944223)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed potential hang with DirectX11 or DirectX12 when using different sized render targets and multiple cameras. (950907)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed project build errors when Reflection Probes Projection setting in Tier1(Graphics Settings) is unchecked. (925552)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed specific case where not all requested shader variants ending up in an asset bundle. (948053)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed Tree shadows being culled when zoomed in on Occlusion Visualization mode. (941334)</li>
<li>Graphics: Fixed updating of bounding boxes for SkinnedMeshRenderers with 'Update When Offscreen' set. (935463)</li>
<li>Graphics: MeshRenderers with disabled "Dynamic Occluded" property were not being frustum culled. (956877)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Added support in IL2CPP for Module.ScopeName property, which is used by Assembly.GetModule() to find a module in an assembly by name. (947807)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Fixed an exception that would occur during conversion when processing an exception filter that calls a method. (944157)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Fixed ArgumentException when accessing Socket.LocalEndPoint. (943671)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Fixed calling DateTime.Parse() in IL2CPP builds for UWP throwing IndexOutOfRangeException. (948887)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Fixed calling native ICommand interface methods on managed and native objects.</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Fixed calling System.Collections.Generic.IList`1 methods on managed and native objects.</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Fixed crash in thread pool during shutdown. (966623)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Fixed crash when calling Socket.GetSocketOption using latest scripting runtime. (952043)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Fixed marshaling System.DateTimeOffset to Windows.Foundation.DateTime when passing it to Windows Runtime APIs. (950465)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Fixed SetSocketOption not working properly for add membership and remove membership with IPv6. (944939)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Fixed stack overflow from occurring in Unity liveness logic (asset GC). (935563)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Fixed unimplemented COM related internal calls in System.Runtime.InteropServices.Marshal class. (930386)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Implemented a previously unimplemented internal call method to support System.Environment.HashShutDownStarted property. (947420)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Improved stack traces for NullReferenceException cases on iOS when Xcode 8.3.1 or later is used with release builds. (950637)</li>
<li>IL2CPP: Prevented an intermittent crash in the GC for on PS4. (955991)</li>
<li>iOS: Fixed an issue where the development team ID was not written to the Xcode project in manual signing mode. (966830)</li>
<li>iOS: Fixed crash in Handheld.PlayFullScreenMovie when playback ends. (949361)</li>
<li>iOS: Fixed screen not always automatically rotating correctly after disabling and enabling auto-rotation. (942401)</li>
<li>iOS: Fixed support for fonts of Tibetan, Armenian, Braille, Georgian and Thai languages in iOS 10 and iOS 11. (951089, 949036)</li>
<li>iOS: Fixed support of wide colors on new devices. (955685)</li>
<li>iOS: Fixed SystemInfo.supportedRenderTargetCount not correctly returning 8 for devices that support it. (949032)</li>
<li>iOS: Fixed the Screen.dpi() method in the Trampoline code not returning the correct number of DPI in iPhone 8, iPhone 8+ and iPhone X. (962793, 960914)</li>
<li>Lighting: Fixed asset bundles not working correctly with global illumination data. (924597)</li>
<li>Lighting: Fixed issue where Progressive Lightmapper was not transmitting indirect rays through translucent objects. (887019)</li>
<li>Lighting: Fixed maximum lightmap import size. (847499)</li>
<li>Multiplayer: Fixed reliable message being delivered twice.</li>
<li>OSX: Fixed Editor crash when using GLCore on High Sierra with Intel 6xxx series GPU. (963865)</li>
<li>OSX: Fixed High Sierra OS freeze while using Local Cache Server. (954747)</li>
<li>OSX: Fixed incorrect mouse position when running in full screen and non-native aspect ratio. (944450) (964731)</li>
<li>OSX: Metal: Fix hang when using MSAA on OSX 10.11 on Nvidia GPUs. (963059)</li>
<li>Package Manager: Fixed creation of empty folder named 'etc'.</li>
<li>Package Manager: Fixed error/crash if there is a comma symbol in the project name. (957436)</li>
<li>Package Manager: Fixed initialisation failure when host file is missing or empty. (957000)</li>
<li>Particles: Fixed Birth SubEmitter not always firing when using random between two constants lifetime. (941076)</li>
<li>Particles: Fixed burst curves on new particle systems not being initialized. (956592)</li>
<li>Particles: Fixed issue with incorrect bounds calculation causing incorrect culling in rare cases. (956753)</li>
<li>Particles: Fixed scripted emission emitting particles in the wrong direction, if transform was moving/rotating. (957633)</li>
<li>Physics: Ensure that we correctly match enter/exit collision/trigger callbacks when a single simulation step causes a contact to stop then start again. (932044)</li>
<li>Physics: Ensured that 'Collision2D.GetContacts()' returns a single contact when passing a single element array. (967740)</li>
<li>Physics: Ensured that loading a scene with a Rigidbody2D with simulation off allows interpolation when simulation is subsequently turned on. (965605)</li>
<li>Physics: Ensured that manual transform sync correctly updates the Rigidbody2D pose correctly. (963200)</li>
<li>Physics: Fixed cloth pointer not being set to null to null in SkinnedMeshRenderer when deactivating causing attempted use of deallocated object. (946356)</li>
<li>Physics: Fixed Collider2D crashing when disabled by an animation. (957044)</li>
<li>Physics: Fixed Collider2D material changes not being propagated to existing contacts. (953653)</li>
<li>Physics: Fixed colliders missing pose updates when they were inactive during the scene load. (945332)</li>
<li>Physics: Fixed physics settings being always marked as dirty on the editor start, even when nothing was changed. (948866)</li>
<li>Physics: Fixed PlatformEffector2D not ignoring contacts involving trigger colliders. (950833)</li>
<li>Physics: Fixed previously ignored collision not being ignored when recreating 2D physics contacts. (960530)</li>
<li>Physics: Fixed RigidBody2Ds being woken when set to "StartAsleep" sleep mode. (941024)</li>
<li>Physics: Fixes GameObject which has a disabled cloth component not following parent's transform. (946307)</li>
<li>Playables: Fixed crash when setting an invalid source playable. (956316)</li>
<li>Plugins: Fixed warning messages about Audio spatializers in logs for applications that were not using spatializers. (869346, 835980)</li>
<li>Prefabs: Fixed issue where resetting SerializedProperty.prefabOverride for one property could incorrectly reset other properties. (960775)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed alignment of 64-bit types on iOS. (949127)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed Awake containing the wrong transform values when instantiated. (953068)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed crash if delegate is created on un-inflated generic type. (763091)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed crash in debugger when trying to stop while a single step operation is in progress. (951901)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed crash on OSX when socket error ENXIO is encountered. (944464)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed crash when closing Windows Standalone player with Alt-F4 using latest scripting runtime. (952292)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed crash when struct has array field of same type. (807575)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed startup-crash on macOS 10.13 when using multiple monitors. (958250, 955089)</li>
<li>Scripting: Fixed XMM registers being trampled in 64-bit mode. (952069)</li>
<li>Shaders: Disable instancing support when performing surface shader analysis. (935126l, 941827)</li>
<li>Shaders: Fixed HLSLcc shader conversion not handling F32TO16 and F16TO32 opcodes.</li>
<li>Shaders: Fixed importing a shader include file only clearing the include cache on a single shader compiler process leaving all the other processes with outdated include files in the cache.</li>
<li>Shaders: Fixed incorrect translation of shaders using resinfo with mask operators. (943340)</li>
<li>Shaders: Fixed incorrect translation to GLSL of compute shaders using bfi instructions with mask operators. (927339)</li>
<li>Shaders: Fixed shadow precision for mobile platforms. (951875, 899729)</li>
<li>Terrain: Fixed crash when loading a non read/write enabled texture from an asset bundle. Texture will not be shown unless it is marked as read/write. (951780)</li>
<li>Timeline: Fixed crash when deleting animation track which has a binding attached to an ActivationTrack. (956129)</li>
<li>Timeline: Fixed timeline window having a white background when running on .NET 4.6 depending on the set system language. (960039, 938534)</li>
<li>tvOS: Fixed icon asset catalog setup when certain multi-layer icons are missing. (959867)</li>
<li>UI: Fixed many bugs/performance problems caused by driven properties in uGUI by reverting to the 2017.1 driven property system.</li>
<li>UI: Fixed RectMask2D not masking when it's child has a child with Mask and Image components inside the RectMask2d area. (969932)</li>
<li>UI: Fixed 'd3d11: failed to create buffer' error in CanvasRenderer. (953270)</li>
<li>UWP: Fix building VS project after manually switching it to Windows SDK 15063 on .NET scripting backend. (940555)</li>
<li>UWP: Fixed "Run in Background" player setting not causing player to ignore minimize events. (759166)</li>
<li>UWP: Fixed an assert when trying to access missing material properties on debug builds. (945336)</li>
<li>UWP: Fixed issue where ComputeBuffer.SetData() and ComputeBuffer.GetData() returned empty result when running on .NET scripting backend and the array types weren't referenced from any parameters. (951036)</li>
<li>UWP: Fixed Reference Rewriter complaining about missing operators == and != on System.Type on .NET scripting backend. (955651)</li>
<li>UWP: Fixed StateMachineBehaviour not working on private fields before loading any scenes on .NET scripting backend. (937501)</li>
<li>UWP: Fixed Unity not referencing facade class libraries when targeting UWP and using IL2CPP with .NET 4.6 API Compatibility level. (949209)</li>
<li>Video: Fixed clip from asset bundle not played. (964652)</li>
<li>Video: Fixed crash in VideoPlayer when stopping and callbacks were pending.</li>
<li>Video: Fixed crashing RemoteWebCamTexture (when using the Unity Remote helper app) when marked DontDestroy. (973008)</li>
<li>Video: Fixed editor crash when previewing/playing video on older OSX version. (973005)</li>
<li>Video: Fixed erroneous stride crash on Windows. (966690)</li>
<li>Video: Fixed inspector preview not cropping title. (969299) (937173)</li>
<li>Video: Fixed muting game view does not mute video audio. (969297)</li>
<li>Video: Fixed video decoding errors due to bad file I/O for high res/bitrate video. (962204)</li>
<li>Video: Fixed video not playing in build when building for another platform. (969298)</li>
<li>Video: Fixed Video Player component rendering video with artifacts on OSX. (973009)</li>
<li>Video: Fixed VideoPlayer CameraNear/FarPlane RenderModes when used in conjunction with VR.</li>
<li>VR: Fixed incorrect stereo eye offsets in Windows Mixed Reality.</li>
<li>Web: Fixed POST key/value dictionary containing very long values in UnityWebRequest. (946124)</li>
<li>Web: Fixed WWW.responseHeaders returning null. (949038)</li>
<li>WebGL - Fixed missing logo/progress bar during loading screen. (900105)</li>
<li>WebGL: Fixed divide by zero when AudioSource.pitch is zero. (946393)</li>
<li>WebGL: Fixed missing slash in WebRequest formatted blob url when using https. (940942)</li>
<li>WebGL: Fixed MS Edge detection. (943241)</li>
<li>WebGL: Fixed Timeline crash on missing DSPConnection::setMix(). (949858)</li>
<li>Windows: Fixed DictationRecognizer asserting when stopping or starting the speech recognition twice in a row. (918146)</li>
<li>Windows: Fixed loading animation on cursor continuing to play after the game is loaded. (860330)</li>
<li>Windows: Fixed ProcessMouseInWindow causing CPU spikes up to 4ms on Standalone builds. (931829)</li>
<li>Windows: Fixed Windows touch input events being out of sync from positioning events. (899209)</li>
<li>WWW: Fixed reading of local files not working in UWP with UnityWebRequest. (910488)</li>
<li>WWW: Fixed WWW class regressions related to throwing NullReferenceException (949418)</li>
<li>XR: Added back Stereo Display (non head-mounted).</li>
<li>XR: Camera transform changes during and after tracking loss now mimics other platforms' behavior. (949193)</li>
<li>XR: Eliminated errors and warnings showing per frame in console during Holographic Emulation. (943109)</li>
<li>XR: Fix Podfile version to reflect correct version. (962253)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed a performance regression on Microsoft HoloLens. (959749)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed a rendering issue on Windows Mixed Reality when using multiple cameras with different depth ranges. (927404, 953255)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed an issue with blitting between VR and non-VR render textures.</li>
<li>XR: Fixed Assert when playing Mixed Reality applications in Editor without Mixed Reality Portal running. (950519)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed black screen on startup on Cardboard when GLES2 or GLES3 is used. (931397)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed camera aspect ratio not being preserved when switching from VR to non-VR. (892084)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed crash in Editor when toggling play mode aftering blooming to shell on Windows Mixed Reality. (948814)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed Daydream applications hanging before quiting to Android home when calling Application.Quit. (966173)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed forcing LandscapeLeft default Orientation on all mobile VR applications.</li>
<li>XR: Fixed Holographic Simulation not working in Editor. (952039)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed incorrect culling when using multiple cameras with Windows Mixed Reality. (927404)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed issue with "Unsupported texture format .." warnings appearing when XR is enabled. (956693)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed issue with being able to set tracking space type to Stationary. (946714)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed landscape left being forced when landscape right is disabled. (946829)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed stereo separation regression on Oculus HMDs.</li>
<li>XR: Fixed stretched background image for ARCore apps running on Samsung S8.</li>
<li>XR: Fixed Windows Mixed Reality applications not reporting an updated boundary if it has been reconfigured while the app was running.</li>
<li>XR: Fixed Windows Mixed Reality apps rendering with incorrect eye offsets. (963878)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed Windows Mixed Reality XAML apps launching to a black screen. (954629)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed Windows Mixed Reality XAML apps not able to get back to exclusive mode after blooming to the shell. (953314)</li>
<li>XR: Fixed Windows Mixed Reality XAML apps not rendering on desktop. (922492)</li>
<li>XR: InputTracking.Recenter is now hooked up properly on Windows Mixed Reality. (909869)</li>
<li>XR: Removed some unnecessary graphics API state resets.</li>
<li>XR: Tracking loss screen no longer appears on WindowsMR headsets, now mimics the behavior of other platforms during tracking loss. (942154)</li>
<li>XR: Tracking space type now falls back to Stationary when boundary hasn't been configured. (945163)</li>
<li>XR: Updated the code to invalidate the eye texture's depth and stencil in one call.</li>
<li>XR: Updated messaging in XR Settings for Android applications attempting to use Daydream and Oculus.</li>
</ul>

<p>Revision: 94bf3f9e6b5e</p>

<h2>2017.2.0f1 Release Notes (Full)</h2>

















































