### Fixes

*   Android: Fix for OpenGLES 3 shader variable not set. (733928)
*   Android: Fixed EGL\_BAD\_NATIVE\_WINDOW error when coming back from background on some Android devices. (781618)
*   Android: Fix for unaligned access on Android - causes crash on Tegra K1. (700531)
*   Cache server: Fix for corrupted/Missing Files in Library Folder (already released in Unity 5.3).
*   Cache server: Various fixes and improvements when switching platforms and reimporting all assets using a Cache server (already released in Unity 5.3).
*   IL2CPP: Prevent a memory leak that caused some GCHandles, including those used to reference MonoBehaviour instances, from being correctly reclaimed by the garbage collector. (736167)
*   iOS: IL2CPP code generation fix for Xcode 7.3.
*   iOS: IPv6 compatibility fixes for .NET libraries and IL2CPP runtime.
*   iOS: Xcode 7.3 Build & Run support.
*   Samsung TV: Fixed wrong jpg library access problem (766053)
*   Textures: Backport of multiple texture importing from Unity Editor 5.2.0 to 5.1.x.
*   Textures: Backport of Texture2D.format shows ARGB on RGB texture format. (729286)

Revision: 9de525f1a6a8

### Improvements

*   Added progress bar while decrypting downloaded Asset Store packages.
*   iOS: Added support for iPad launch screens.

### Changes

*   iOS: Use launch screens as primary source for splash images.

### Fixes

*   (none) - Analytics: Fixed Android READ\_PHONE\_STATE permission issue.
*   (710044) - Android: Fix for physics performance spikes on ARM big.LITTLE devices.
*   (717028) - Android: Fix for rendering performance regression when using the low-level native plugin interface.
*   (712386) - Android: Fixed crash affecting some PowerVR 544 devices.
*   (705138) - Android: Fixed INTERNET permission on Android even if there are no network calls in the scripts.
*   (678003) - Android: Fixed sensor compensation issue affecting devices when rotated180 degrees.
*   (699455) - Android: On some devices Screen.dpi returns more accurate values now.
*   (none) - Android: Removed some egl errors from the log when probing for GLES API level.
*   (708088) - Animation: Fixed animation window still recording when scene is saved.
*   (719416) - AssetBundle: Fixed the issue that sometimes several AssetBundles will have same internal name.
*   (718243) - AssetBundles: Fix to properly compute the hash value associated to an asset bundle based on the target platform.
*   (721582) - BlackBerry: Fixed bug where the device would hang waiting for an internet connection when Cloud Project ID was set
*   (724234) - BlackBerry: OnApplicationFocus now is called with the correct boolean value as a parameter
*   (671844), (676419), (694332), (702955), (713785), (714013) - Direct3D 11: Fixed an occasional crash on exit related to Direct3D 11 libraries. It usually happened when Nvidia drivers were involved and "d3d11.dll\_unloaded" was found in error reports.
*   (687656), (693423) - Editor: Added a printed warning to the gameview if there is no fullscreen camera present.
*   (707328) - Editor: Fixed shader GUI error in console when importing a package.
*   (721563) - Editor: Fixed: Slowdown in Project window with Unity 5.
*   (704016) - Editor: Made sure blendShapes normals are not imported if None is set in Import Setting.
*   (701240) - Editor: Save correct quality settings when quitting Unity editor during the play mode.
*   (711044) - Fixed an issue whereby Cache Server crashed on command 'nc -zv'.
*   (722983) - Fixed broken positioning of render when upscaling to native desktop resolution in full screen mode (Direct3D 9 and Direct3D 11).
*   (719494) - Fixed regression on GetNativeTextureID
*   (708072) - Fixed Unity shader compiler crash when compiling for OpenGL target.
*   (689461) - IL2CPP: Added support for access default parameter values via reflection.
*   (717904) - IL2CPP: Allow a cast of T\[\] to IList (where BaseT is a base class of T) to work correctly.
*   (723439) - IL2CPP: Correct C++ code generation when a struct inherits from a generic interface.
*   (705898) - IL2CPP: Corrected a code generation error with the JsonFX library with the error message: "not implemented on non-abstract class".
*   (719084) - IL2CPP: Corrected an error in the negation of a float converted from an unsigned integer.
*   (715965) - IL2CPP: Fixed assert on socket error.
*   (712553) - IL2CPP: Fixed error when using 64-bit Interlocked operations on 32-bit devices.
*   (716138) - IL2CPP: Fixed pinning of structures with ExplicitLayout.
*   (721435) - IL2CPP: Fixed reading pointers with multiple levels of indirection.
*   (718696) - IL2CPP: Fixed unsafe pointer to struct assignment.
*   (721329) - IL2CPP: Fixed various performance issues by doing less type initialization at startup.
*   (700792) - IL2CPP: Implemented the correct rounding behavior (banker's rounding) for the Math.Round method.
*   (722375) - IL2CPP: Prevent a NullReferenceException exception from being thrown in the KeyValuePair ToString method when the value is a reference type.
*   (722433) - IL2CPP: Prevent an used block from being marked as dead during conversion if it is immediately after a try block with an explicit leave opcode.
*   (715013) - IL2CPP: Prevented the exception "MissingMethodException: No constructor found for System.Resources.RuntimeResourceSet::.ctor(System.IO.UnmanagedMemoryStream)" from occurring when the TZ4NET assembly was used.
*   (716991) - IL2CPP: Speed up retrieving classes by name.
*   (701951) - iOS: Added support for Xcode 6.4.0.
*   (708506) -iOS: Added work around mod\_pbxproj.py issues with Xcode projects generated by Unity.
*   (723961) - iOS: Fixed append regression when splash screens are changed in certain ways after initial build.
*   (677907) - iOS: Fixed interop of OpenGL ES and Siri overlay.
*   (718387), (720698) - iOS: Fixed system dynamic font support on iOS 9 where only the first font could be read from certain font collections and font substitutes, as identified by the OS, were not handled.
*   (708549) - iOS: Fixed WWW crash when not keeping reference to instance.
*   (720016) - iOS: Fixed WWW not reporting error in some cases.
*   (none) - iOS/IL2CPP: Complete the IPv6 implementation.
*   (717058) - iOS/Il2CPP: Corrected the behavior of Marshal.OffsetOf for structures with explicit packing.
*   (712929) - iOS/IL2CPP: Fixed the comparison to Epsilon.
*   (661630) , (690171) - iOS/IL2CPP: Implemented the CustomAttributeData.GetCustomAttributes methods for attributes with a default constructor.
*   (706367) - Lightmapping: Fixed lightmap UV generation to be identical across platforms.
*   (721174) - Mecanim: Fixed a rare crash occurring while a new level is been loaded with some StateMachineBehaviour referencing a prefab that could lead to a prefab corruption.
*   (713552) - Mecanim: Fixed Transition inspector not showing the proper transition.
*   (720436) - Networking: Fix for It is possible to set MinUpdate timeout to 0.
*   (719156) - Networking: Fix for scene objects with NetworkTransform not synching.
*   (721499) - Networking: Fix for some 'aissp' error is thrown on the server side when a client disconnects.
*   (718824) - Networking: fix for UNET doesn't check message length correct.
*   (718822) - Networking: Fix for User can set MinThreadAwakeTimeout to 0.
*   (718027) - Networking: Prevent adding network connections that are not ready as observers.
*   (none) - OpenGL ES: Fixed missing 1x1 mip levels in textures.
*   (708698), (719654) - OpenGL: Fixed OSX standalone crash.
    *   OpenGL: Fixed shader compilation error when using GLSL precision qualifier.
*   (718886) - OSX: Fixed startup crash with Mono.
*   (682891), (694906), 707865) - Physics: Fixed crashes caused by wheel collider.
*   (721704) - Physics: Fixed SliderJoint2D motor-speed backwards compatibility prior to 5.1.1p3.
*   (718787) - Plugins: Editor would report incorrectly that native plugin is colliding with itself.
*   (716978) - Profiler: Fixed Rendering detailed stats. Stats for Draw Calls and Total Batches were previously swapped.
*   (704481) - Samsung TV: Fixed "Unknown Platform" error when passing "Samsung TV" to AudioImporter.ContainsSampleSettingsOverride.
*   (717774) - Samsung TV: Fixed issue where Development builds would inappropriately report security errors.
*   (716161) - ShaderCompiler: HLSL shader compilation fixed floating point division by zero by initialising x components of surfIN members to 1.0
*   (699695) - Show profiler statistics of manually rendered camera.
*   (none) - SpritePacker: Prevented Sprite Packing called randomly due to bug in hash Generation.
*   (706040) - TreeEditor: Fixed the broken UI regression.
*   (none) - UI: Fixed API breaking change where GetMousePointerEventData required a parameter.
*   (none) - VR: Fixed GearVR and OSX issue with latest Plugin causing garbage rendering
*   (711316) - VR: Fixed point light rendering issue with deferred renderer.
*   (722915), (723184) - VR: Fixed regression with linear lighting and anti aliasing on windows.
*   (721198) - VR: Fixed renderscale regression. Renderscale now functions correctly on GearVR.
*   (none) - VR: Overall stability improved.
*   (719328) - WebGL: Fixed "sanity check error" build failure on Windows.
*   (723338) - WebPlayer: Fixed crashes on invalid file locks.
*   (none) - Windows: SystemInfo.operatingSystem should return correct value on Windows 10 machines
*   (none) - Xbox One: Fixed compute shaders on Xbox One.

### Features

*   Tizen: Static splash screens are now supported.

### Improvements

*   Android: Added support for real 16bit RGB565 backbuffer.
*   iOS: Make WWW.text to actually contain error response in case of non-200 status.
*   Physics: Renamed 'CollisionDetectionMode2D.None' to 'CollisionDetectionMode2D.Discrete' (Will be auto-updated).
*   VR: Added an option to allow Cameras to render specifically to left/right eye for stereo 3D.
*   WebGL: Added WebGLInput.captureAllKeyboardInput API to allow web page content to get keyboard input.

### Changes

*   BlackBerry: SystemInfo.deviceModel now returns a useful model string value instead of a hexadecimal number.
*   Samsung TV: Users are now able to set the system language via SamsungTV.SetSystemLanguage. Users will need to fetch the system language via Samsung's GSP API plugin.
*   Windows Standalone: Player exe is no longer signed, icon and version modifications will no longer have digital signature errors.
*   Xbox One: Unity is now built using the June 2015 QFE 1 XDK. You will need to have this XDK installed on your PC and use the matching or a later recovery.

### Fixes

*   (709326) - 2D: Fixed spriteRenderer overwriting materials for objects in case of multiple selection.
*   (707880) - 2D: Prevent all editing in Sprite Editor Window during play mode.
*   (none) - Android: Audio - Fixed CPU consumption by FMODAudioDevice thread on GearVR.
*   (none) - Android: Fixed call to ES API without current context.
*   (701873) - Android: Fixed performance regression in Resources.Load.
*   (703999) - Android: Fixed texture compression setting for RGBA textures.
*   (694503) - Asset Loading: Fixed missing references when scene is loaded from an asset bundle which contains multiple scenes.
*   (707079) - AssetBundle: Fixed the crash when a scriptable object is referenced from the scene.
*   (683134) - AssetBundle: Fixed the issue that AssetBundle with packed textures includes source textures in addition to the atlased version.
*   (670282) - BlackBerry: Fixed crash that would happen with some projects on the Passport after consecutive runs.
*   (704009) - BlackBerry: Fixed crash when using Development builds on the STL-001 device.
*   (none) - BlackBerry: Fixed issue that would cause a grey screen to appear between the splash screen and the start of the game.
*   (673296) - Editor: Enabling Script Only Build option will only affect platforms that allow the option.
*   (708787) - Editor: Fixed 'Timestamps and assets out of sync' error when renaming a folder outside of Unity and deleting an asset inside of it.
*   (709495) - Editor: When saving a scene in the Windows editor, the characters from the dynamic fonts would disappear.
*   (707688) - GI: Fixed crash when building lighting.
*   (none) - GI: Fixed issue with baking getting stuck on the bake indirect stage.
*   (690395) - Graphics: Added extra protection against depth buffer in editor windows being accidentally disabled.
*   (693316) - Graphics: Configurable vertex compression to fix lightmap UVs shifting.
*   (697054) - Graphics: Fixed a crash compressing an already compressed texture in script.
*   (678429) - Graphics: Fixed an issue where setting RenderSettings.reflectionIntensity via script had no effect on the scene.
*   (700698) - Graphics: Fixed artifacts in alpha channel of ATC-compressed RGBA textures when using Mac OS X Editor.
*   (679342) - Graphics: Fixed CaptureScreenshot on DX11 when using non-native fullscreen resolution.
*   (691477) - Graphics: Fixed crash calling GetPixels with a 0x0 texture
*   (662018) - Graphics: Fixed swizzling of BGRA32 texture data on D3D11 and Xbox360.
*   (681662) - Graphics: Switching shaders in material inspector should reset material's render queue to default.
*   (701319) - Graphics: When using COLORMASK and D3D9, the mask was not correctly set for MRT render targets.
*   (702323) - IMGUI: Fixed text vertical position shifting during edit when the line height is too big for the box.
*   (697178) - Input / OSX standalone: Mouse buttons are registered when configuring input settings.
*   (704815) - Input: Fixed touch input hanging a Windows application if a second 'touch window' is created in a plugin.
*   (704335) - Inspector Functionality: Fixed component Help buttons on OS X.
*   (701951) - iOS: Added Xcode 6.4 compatibility.
*   (706601) - iOS: Fixed a regression that caused very poor performance of trying to load non-existing system fonts.
*   (709024) - iOS: Fixed crash accesing WebCamTexture videoRotationAngle and videoVerticallyMirrored before it is fully inited.
*   (709063) - iOS: Fixed snapshot creation (when going to background) on pre-ios8.
*   (674706) - iOS/IL2CPP: Allow GetCurrentProcess to work.
*   (none) - iOS/IL2CPP: Allow il2cpp.exe to run when its installation path includes a '#' character followed by a space character.
*   (711284) - iOS/IL2CPP: Allow the AssemblyName::GetPublicKeyToken method to return an array of only eight bytes.
*   (709995) - iOS/IL2CPP: Corrected a problem with the generated C++ code which caused the C++ compiler error: "Member reference base type 'intptr\_t' (aka 'long') is not a structure or union" when unsafe C# code was used to index into an array of pointers to structures.
*   (689976) - iOS/IL2CPP: Corrected an intermittent hang which could occur in the garbage collector.
*   (712470) - iOS/IL2CPP: Corrected Marshal.OffsetOf when using enums fields with FieldOffsetAttribute.
*   (712713) - iOS/IL2CPP: Ensure methods needed for enum arrays are converted.
*   (708876) - iOS/IL2CPP: Fixed binary operations using mixed integer types.
*   (770440) - iOS/IL2CPP: Fixed bug in Boo script related to generic interface methods.
*   (689586) - iOS/IL2CPP: Fixed CultureInfo.GetCultures().
*   (none) - iOS/IL2CPP: Fixed marshaling code for IntPtr parameters marked with \[Out\] attribute.
*   (708527) - iOS/IL2CPP: If "Fast but no Exceptions" is selected, any managed exception which escapes out of managed code will cause the AppDomain.UnhandledException event - to be executed and application will abort (this is the same behavior as the Mono scripting backend).
*   (676797) - iOS/IL2CPP: Implemented the IsTransparentProxy icall, which always returns false.
*   (705751) - iOS/IL2CPP: Implemented the previously unsupported AppDomain::InternalGetDefaultContext and AppDomain::InternalGetContext icalls.
*   (none) - iOS/IL2CPP: Improved performance of 'is' operator, 'as' operator, and casting in some cases.
*   (710797), (705882) - iOS/IL2CPP: Prevent a type T from being stripping if it is used an GenericClass field in a MonoBehavior or ScriptableObject that is already being preserved.
*   (711712) - iOS/IL2CPP: Prevent the following error from il2cpp.exe at conversion time: "Attempting to constrain a value of type 'X' to type 'Y'." for two different types X and Y.
*   (none) - iOS/IL2CPP: Properly look up a type using the Type.GetType(string) method during a case-insensitive search.
*   (none) - iOS/Metal: Fix potential geometry corruption
*   (650630) - Mac OS X Standalone: Fixed stripping of debug symbols in release player builds.
*   (none) - Mecanim: Fixed a bug where a state machine moved to another state machine would disappear.
*   (705342) - Mecanim: Fixed performance regression for AnimationUtility.SetEditorCurve().
*   (none) - Merge Tool: Correctly handle invalid non-unique mapping keys that Unity generates.
*   (none) - Merge Tool: Fixed empty base/right files when falling back and used from cmdline and premerge dests are not set.
*   (none) - Merge Tool: Fixed merge conflict when mine and theirs have both added a component of different type to the same GameObject.
*   (none) - Merge Tool: Fixed the error about non existing merge tool path after falling back to 3rd party merge tool on OSX.
*   (693714) - Metal: Fixed shader translation of matrix+scalar, matrix-scalar, matrix/scalar operations.
*   (693714) - Metal: Fixed some issues with shader translation of matrices with different precision.
*   (none) - Mono: Double traverse object count to avoid stack overflow when freeing huge amounts of objects.
*   (none) - Mono: Fixed monotonic timer overflow to allow usage of timing functions like those in System.Threading with extended uptime.
*   (none) - Networking: Fix for llapi statistic function + new statistic function GetNetworkLostPacketNum().
*   (none) - Networking: Timing service is working now.
*   (none) - OS X: Fixed building on OS X El Capitan.
*   (706330) - OSX standalone: Fixed mouse input and rendering issues after the application is moved to a different screen and is made fullscreen.
*   (704468) - Physics: Fixed 'Physics2D.GetRayIntersectionXXX' methods being affected by 'Physics2D.raycastsStartInColliders'.
*   (703073) - Physics: Fixed an issue where OnTriggerStay would not be called on children in compound colliders.
*   (705148) - Physics: Fixed incorrect depth sorting for results of 'Physics2D.GetRayIntersectionXXX' methods.
*   (692675) - Physics: Fixed WheelCollider not being able to ignore collisions with vehicle body colliders that were added to the already initialised vehicle.
*   (691057) - Physics: Fixed WheelCollider suspension raycasts being unable to ignore intersections with the car’s body the wheel has been attached to, occasionally.
*   (none) - Physics2D: Now 'Infinity' cannot be specified for 2D collider offset.
*   (707400) - Physics2D: Stop Rigidbody2D X/Y Constraints from occasionally moving the body to the world origin.
*   (713073) - Physics2D: Stop trigger-contacts being reported early when using continuous collision detection.
*   (none) - Samsung TV: Added missing Indian character sets to 2015 TV.
*   (none) - Samsung TV: Fixed freetype crash on 2013 TV.
*   (none) - Samsung TV: Fixed issue where UnityAnalytics was initializing improperly.
*   (none) - Samsung TV: Fixed race condition that could cause intermittent crashes when managed threads were being used.
*   (695246) - Scripting: Fixed potential crashes during domain reloads when user code throws NullReferenceException in AppDomain.DomainUnload / AppDomain.ProcessExit events.
*   (643440) - Serialization: Fixed incorrect clamping of LayerMask when set through SerializedProperty.intValue.
*   (711981) - Substance: Fixed crash in iOS/il2cpp builds caused by uninitialized SubstanceSystem.
*   (706380) - Substance: Fixed crash with BakeAndDiscard ProceduralMaterials.
*   (none) - Substance: Using \_TexelSize in shaders now works correctly with ProceduralTextures.
*   (none) - Tizen: Fixed an issue with sound stopping when apps are interrupted.
*   (none) - Tizen: Fixed corrupted audio.
*   (none) - Tizen: Fixed errors when building projects that contain spaces in the path.
*   (715415) - Tizen: Fixed issue where Good autorotation orientations were incorrect.
*   (none) - Tizen: Resolve deployment problems on Windows.
*   (693283), (672115) - UI: Fixed issue in UI components Slider, Outline, Shadow & Position as UV1 not updating when their values are animated.
*   (714670) - UI: Fixed Toggle component not updating when animated.
*   (none) - UnityAnalytics: Fixed RemoteConfig restore of int values.
*   (none) - UnityAnalytics: Remote config fix added.
*   (none) - Version Control: Fixed assets version control cache state not being updated after scene reload.
*   (none) - Version Control: Invalidate version control cache on refresh button click in versioning window.
*   (695727) - VR Oculus: Camera Viewport Rect now takes up the appropriate amount of Screen space.
*   (703281) - VR Oculus: Fixed crash when trying to access VRSettings.GetNativePtr while the Oculus HMD was not connected.
*   (none) - VR Oculus: HMD can now be connected to application after it has already started. It can also be disconnected and reconnected during application run time.
*   (none) - VR Oculus: Update to latest oculus dependencies.
*   (none) - VR: Camera transforms now reset when VRSettings.enabled is false or the loadedDevice is set to none. Camera parent transforms are not effected.
*   (713630) - VR: Fixed several VR lifecycle related crashes.
*   (none) - VR: Fixed stereo rendering regression.
*   (none) - VR: Improved MSAA performance by only antialiasing eye textures, not the composited back buffer.
*   (691345) - VR: Reenable vsync when device is disconnected.
*   (none) - VR: Virtual Reality Supported toggle in player settings no longer recreates the Graphics Device. VRSettings defaults to enabled and oculus if Virtual Reality is supported.
*   (714022) - VR: VRDevice.isPresent now returns expected value.
*   (none) - WebGL: Allow Type.GetType(string) and its overloaded methods to work without Exception Support set to Full. IL2CPP: Properly look up a type using the Type.GetType(string) method during a case-insensitive search.
*   (700861) - WebGL: Fixed backspace key navigating away from page in Chrome.
*   (714545) - WebGL: Fixed empty Input.inputString.
*   (705045) - WebGL: Fixed mouse button state after double click.
*   (712636) - WebGL: Fixed UI keyboard inputs.
*   (704235) - WebGL: Fixed WebGL builds of projects with long path names on Windows.
*   (711745) - Windows Store Apps: Application.isMobilePlatform will now return true.
*   (710069) - Windows Store Apps: Fixed incorrectly reported PlayerPrefs corruption after upgrading to Unity 5.1.
*   (710038) - Xbox One: Fixed error for uninitialized player settings
*   (708668) - Xbox One: Fixed instances where Compute Shaders would not compile.
*   (705618) - Xbox One: Fixed spelling errors in ESRB ratings strings in the Player Settings.
*   (701308) - Xbox One: Level and asset files are paired correctly in the auto-generated package manifest.
*   (none) - Xbox One: Mono: Double traverse object count to avoid stack overflow when freeing huge amounts of objects.

### Known Issues

WebGL: Building for WebGL on Windows will fail with a "sanity check error". As a workaround, Unity.exe can be launched with Administrator privileges.

### Improvements

*   Analytics: Added cloudProjectId to hwstat.
*   Android: Audio - Enabled OpenSL for GearVR.
*   Animation: Group material color channel curves. Removing one curve will automatically remove other channel curves of the same color property.
*   Documentation: Docs for Audio / VR / UNet updated.
*   Editor: Informative message will be shown in the material inspector when the material property block values are used.
*   Graphics: Added options for opaque object sorting control, see Camera.opaqueSortMode.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Load embedded resources in memory-mapped files so that the memory used by those embedded resources is marked as constant.
*   Terrain: Expose TerrainData.SetHeightsDelayedLOD and Terrain.ApplyDelayedHeightmapModification to allow users to achieve high frame rates while doing interactive terrain editing.
*   Windows Editor Installer: Use dism.exe to install .net framework5, for a more silent experience when using /S silent installer option.
*   Xbox One: Unity now builds with the June 2015 XDK. You must have the June XDK installed on your PC and use the matching or later recovery on your console.

### Changes

*   2D: SpriteRenderer will have light and reflection probes turned off by default. They can still be turned on manually.

### Fixes

*   (699578) - 2D: Fixed the issue where it was unable to set Sprite mode to multiple.
*   (701438) - Animation: Animating properties of the material with the custom shader does not cause error on the first play in editor.
*   (699383) - Animation: Reject avatar creation when the skeleton is missing intermediary bones.
*   (665246) - Animation: Remove relative material property blocks when the animator component is being removed.
*   (706635) - Asset Loading: Ignoring hidden dll files.
*   (690156) - Asset Management: Now allow prefab instances with a missing prefab template to be reparented.
*   (670070) - Audio: Audio clip "Force to Mono" now has an option for applying normalization after downmix.
*   (705599) - Audio: Fixed: FSBTool crashed during audio import on Windows XP / N platforms and very short audio files.
*   (694539) - CacheServer: Asset bundle names are not properly imported from metafiles.
*   (702628) - Deployment Management: Fixed crash when selecting 'Scripting Backend' in standalone Player Settings.
*   (670391) - DX11: Don't spam refCount==0 error messages when some 3rd party tools hook into DX11.
*   (703205) - DX11: Fixed non-native resolution fullscreen being too dark when in Linear color space.
*   (686697) - Editor OSX: Fixed custom cursor getting set back to default arrow when used in the editor.
*   (686697) - Editor OSX: Fixed games setting the cursor to null wouldn't take affect in the editor.
*   (692047) - Editor: Removed MSVCRT dependency for WebGL build.
*   (705649) - Editor: Search correct 32/64bit program files on windows for diff tools.
*   (none) - Editor: Texture3D sizes up to 2048 are now allowed (previously the limit was 1024).
*   (none) - GearVR: Removed log spam about user profile.
*   (705573) - GI: Fixed intermittent crash related to realtime lightprobes.
*   (none) - GLES: Fix for TC Particles package from the Asset Store.
*   (699694) - GLES: Fixed crash when using multithreaded renderer and using shader that uses vertex colors when the mesh data doesn't contain vertex colors.
*   (705269) - GLES: Fixed shader compiler crash for some shaders that use scalar pixel shader inputs, and other issues.
*   (696397) - GLES: Fixed standard shader rendering issues with Mali GPUs.
*   (707361) - GLES: Fixed tessellation shaders when multiple texcoords are packed into one vec4.
*   (none) - GLES: Workaround for Adreno 4xx driver bug where binary shaders would break if the shader program contains geometry shaders.
*   (700474) - Graphics: Fixed a bug when loading single channel JPEGs using Texture2D.LoadImage.
*   (698775) - Graphics: Fixed issue in Texture2D.LoadImage when loading indexed PNG images that contain an alpha channel.
*   (689087) - iOS: Added a limit for iOS acceleration event queue.
*   (681384) - iOS: Added additional Japanese fallback font.
*   (699574) - iOS: Added iOS Thai font for 8.2.
*   (701425) - iOS: Added support for Xcode 6.3.2.
*   (704699) - iOS: Added support for Xcode 7 beta.
*   (689410) - iOS: Allow to append builds made with different scripting backend.
*   (705241) - iOS: Don't add header files to il2cpp Xcode project.
*   (699907) - iOS: Don't include managed dll files in il2cpp build.
*   (710126) iOS: Fixed a regression which caused appending builds with native plugins to fail
*   (710818) iOS: Fixed a regression which disables appending builds in folders more than one level away from the project folder
*   (702900) - iOS: Fixed stuck "Launch screen type" setting.
*   (682882) - iOS: Include iOS Xcode API documentation.
*   (685439) - iOS: Lightmapped objects with legacy shaders lit with realtime light in legacy deferred no longer render incorrectly.
*   (695118) ,(701548) - iOS/IL2CPP: Added support for PreserveAttribute to prevent classes, methods, fields and properties from being stripped in IL2CPP.
*   (705724) - iOS/IL2CPP: Allow Type.GetType(string) to return a proper value on 32-bit ARMv7 builds.
*   (708137) - iOS/IL2CPP: Avoid boxing of value types during null checks in generic code.
*   (700507) - iOS/IL2CPP: Avoid deadlock during UnloadUnusedAssets.
*   (691607), (667147) - iOS/IL2CPP: Corrected an exception during code conversion which has the error message "Invalid global variables count" when converting some UnityScript assemblies.
*   (704018) - iOS/IL2CPP: Ensure that GetCurrentMethod returns the proper value, even when the generated native method is inlined.
*   (none) - iOS/IL2CPP: Fix embedded resources.
*   (695179) - iOS/IL2CPP: Fixed a crash which occurred when Ldvirtftn opcode was used on a non-virtual method.
*   (691404) - iOS/IL2CPP: Fixed a rare case when bytecode stripper would incorrectly strip wrong overloaded generic virtual method.
*   (697860) - iOS/IL2CPP: Fixed codegen issue when using a field type a struct that has no instance fields.
*   (696986) - iOS/IL2CPP: Fixed ConstructorInfo.Invoke() returning null for Nullable types.
*   (694436) - iOS/IL2CPP: Fixed IL2CPP generated code in if (...) block if the condition operand was an IntPtr.
*   (694436) - iOS/IL2CPP: Fixed IL2CPP generated marshaling code for marshaling IntPtr into any other primitive type.
*   (702879) - iOS/IL2CPP: Fixed marshaling arrays of structs marked with \[Out\] attribute.
*   (696745) - iOS/IL2CPP: Generate correct C++ code for the IL add opcode with pointers in unsafe C# code.
*   (699644) - iOS/IL2CPP: Handle 'void' type parameter.
*   (706613) - iOS/IL2CPP: Handle invalid IL generated by UnityScript compiler for delegates.
*   (698589) - iOS/IL2CPP: iOS/IL2CPP: Correct RPC implementation for the UnityEngine.Networking namespace.
*   (696187) - iOS/IL2CPP: Prevent a C++ compiler error in generated code about an undeclared identifier with the test "Unused local just for stack balance".
*   (702203) - iOS/IL2CPP: Prevent a C++ compiler error in generated code which happens when a pointer is assigned a value which is a uintptr\_t in converted unsafe C# code.
*   (691077) - iOS/IL2CPP: Prevent a crash in the NetworkManager initialization when the Stipping Level option is not set to Disabled.
*   (702696) - iOS/IL2CPP: Prevent a runtime exception with IL code in an enumerator's MoveNext method when the enumerator's return type is a constrained generic type.
*   (693259) - iOS/IL2CPP: Prevent AES encryption types from being incorrectly stripped when they are used.
*   (703294) - iOS/IL2CPP: Prevent an exception during code generation when the default value of a field is not the same type as the field.
*   (695319) - iOS/IL2CPP: Prevent an intermittent crash on ARM64 when an live object is incorrectly reclaimed but the garbage collector.
*   (697757) - iOS/IL2CPP: Prevent the exception: "System.ArgumentException: enumType is not an Enum type." from occurring for a generic type used with an enum type argument.
*   (704069) - iOS/IL2CPP: Prevent the player build process from using older generated C++ source files from a previous build.
*   (708137) - iOS/IL2CPP: Speed up generic method calls on value types.
*   (705860) - iOS/IL2CPP: The Preserve attribute can now be used in the managed code for an assembly to preserve all of the code in an assembly.
*   (705860) - iOS/IL2CPP: The preserve attribute can now be used with the assembly element in a link.xml file to preserve all of the code in an assembly.
*   (691008) - iOS/IL2CPP: When compiling scripts for the player, appropriate UnityEngine.UI.dll will be referenced now.
*   (704998) - License: Added network timeout for all pending operations.
*   (704271) - License: Clear error message once valid serial is entered.
*   (700738) - License: Fixed an issue with Operating System ID changing on Windows 10.
*   (702313) - License: License activation staying stuck in Updating or Connecting screen.
*   (704270) - License: Replace generic invalid serial message with more meaningful message
*   (706183) - Linux: Fixed key release regression.
*   (none) - Mecanim: Fixed assert when using Optimize Game Object on object that are parented.
*   (none) - Mecanim: Fixed continuity in FixedTime transition with ExitTime.
*   (none) - Mecanim: Fixed crash when using AnimatorController in asset bundles.
*   (697582) - Merge Tool: Fixwd merging of scenes/prefabs with out of order objects.
*   (700533) - MonoDevelop: Fixed issue with Attach button in attach to process dialog not responding to clicks.
*   (673868) - MonoDevelop: Fixed Unity crash when inspecting enum value in MonoDevelop debugger.
*   (699556) - MonoDevelop: Fixed Unity crash when using the debugger to inspect a property that only has a getter that returns a struct. E.g. Sprite.bounds.
*   (701421) - Networking: Added missing check for NetworkIdentity on NetworkManager object.
*   (699613) - Networking: Added missing error message for more than 32 SyncVars in a NetworkBehaviour script.
*   (692633) - Networking: Added missing error message for multiple NetworkManagers in a scene.
*   (697809) - Networking: Added missing validation for invalid method signatures on network methods.
*   (693234) - Networking: Added missing validation for SyncVars of invalid types.
*   (697118) - Networking: Adding missing error message for using network custom attributes in non NetworkBehaviour derived scripts.
*   (701760) - Networking: Fix for allowing multiple network components on the same game object.
*   (697682) - Networking: Fix for ClientRpc call failing when called on a base class.
*   (698103) - Networking: Fix for ClientRpc calls being invoked out of order on localClient.
*   (696932) - Networking: Fix for ClientRpc calls not being invoked for scene objects on a local client.
*   (697824) - Networking: Fix for exception when sending a game object component as an argument to RPC calls.
*   (696579) - Networking: Fix for foldouts in NetworkManager inspector not saving state.
*   (none) - Networking: Fix for garbage at the end of broadcast messages.
*   (697502) - Networking: Fix for implementing Update() in a class derived from NetworkManager causing client connection callbacks to not be called.
*   (none) - Networking: Fix for IsAcksLong flag doesn't work.
*   (697754) - Networking: Fix for isServer still being true after server was stopped.
*   (701235) - Networking: Fix for not being able to detect idle connections.
*   (697730) - Networking: Fix for setting MaxConnection to zero causing exception in NetworkManager.
*   (697102) - Networking: Fix for SyncVars not working with script inheritance.
*   (698321) - Networking: Fix for UNetWeaver exception generating an exception when SyncListStruct used directly without a derived class.
*   (698732) - Networking: Fix for unserializating NetworkIdentity references failing on a dedicated server.
*   (none) - Networking: Fixed - localdiscovery doesn't work on osx and ios.
*   (704949) - Networking: Fixed the problem with host which was added removed and added back. Last add will finish with error - cannot open socket.
*   (none) - Networking: Fixed the problem with long acks.
*   (701313) - Networking: Fixed UNetWeaver exception when processing large projects, also improved speed with large projects.
*   (697117) - Networking: NetworkTransform now auto-detects CharacterController and pick the correct sync method when added to a game object.
*   (577228) - Physics 2D: Ensure that both friction and bounce are updated when the PhysicsMaterial2D is set on a Collider2D from script.
*   (705901) - Physics 2D: Ensure that Rigidbody2D interpolation or extrapolation do not modify the Transform Z position.
*   (703846) - Physics 2D: Fixed a child Rigidbody2D not correctly updating its position/orientation when it's using interpolation and the parent transform changes.
*   (683964), (696095) - Physics 2D: Fixed various One-Way behaviour issues in PlatformEffector2D.
*   (702907) - Physics 2D: MotorSpeed on SliderJoint2D is now in meters/sec (linear motor) not degrees/sec (not angular motor).
*   (697547) - Physics 2D: Restore the Rigidbody2D linear-velocity after a Rigidbody2D.MovePosition has completed.
*   (701932) - Physics 2D: Rigidbody2D constraints are now based upon the center-of-mass and not the body position.
*   (701202) - Physics 2D: Stop crash if 2D effector is needed but there is none.
*   (697637) - Physics 2D: Stop NullReferenceException when editing PolygonCollider2D.
*   (699169) - Physics: Fixed a crash when trying to report a MeshCollider error while the MeshCollider's SharedMesh was null.
*   (685107) - Physics: Fixed an issue in PhysX where a capsule would fail to collide with a triangle mesh.
*   (441764) - Physics: Fixed an issue in PhysX where capsule-capsule collision detection would erroneously fail when the capsules' axes were almost aligned.
*   (698701), (698702) - Physics: Fixed HingeJoint SetMotor, SetLimits, SetSpring only being set correctly if the said properties was already enabled.
*   (697543) - Physics: Fixed issue in PhysX where PhysX would hang on certain Android devices.
*   (705471) - Physics: Fixed problem in PhysX that would cause SphereColliders to bounce when rolling over the triangles of a MeshCollider.
*   (697849) - Physics: HingeJoint now correctly measures the hinge angle regardless of the initial rotation between the two hinged bodies.
*   (686576) - Revert baked lightmap texture compression quality from best back to normal. Speeds up compositing step.
*   (none) - Samsung TV: Resolved security issue that allowed for arbitrary code execution.
*   (none) - SamsungTV: Fixed security false-positive. The 2013 and 2014 TVs can now be deployed to successfully.
*   (none) - Script Editors: Generate and open solution when External Script Editor is set to Xamarin Studio.
*   (693537) - Serialization: Disallow EditorOnlyPlayerSettings custom properties usage without initialization
*   (none) - Shaders: Fixed broken constant buffer info on OpenGL ES compute shaders with multiple kernels
*   (705485) - Shaders: Fixed GLSL/Metal translation of shaders that use all uppercase SV\_TARGET semantic.
*   (670391) - Shaders: Fixed GLSL/Metal translation of shaders that use non-uppercase SV\_Position semantic.
*   (704497), (704501) - Shaders: Fixed resource binding regression breaking TC Particles asset store package.
*   (none) - Shaders: Increased timeout for shader import time processing; helps with complex compute shaders.
*   (676585) - Substance: Fix hang/crash when entering playmode with the Profiler window open.
*   (none) - Tizen: Added docs about native plugins on Tizen.
*   (none) - Tizen: Added Tizen to the default platforms list.
*   (none) - Tizen: Fixed plugin loading.
*   (689600) - UI: Number of batches created for UI scene back down to 5.0 number.
*   (697556) - Unified GL: Fix for DX11-style Depth-of-Field image effect: fix boolean variable handling in shader compiler.
*   (none) - Unified GL: Fix for shader errors when swizzles were incorrectly applied to scalar values.
*   (697556) - Unified GL: Fixed a crash when current and pending framebuffers have different attachment counts.
*   (707761) - Update Checker: Wait for Home Window to be closed before checking for updates
*   (none) - VR: Don't update the head pose until Camera has latched the reference frame.
*   (702042) - VR: Enabling / disabling virtual reality support in the editor nolonger affects standalone players.
*   (704263) - VR: Fix issue where GUI could be inadvertently flipped.
*   (none) - VR: Fix issues with VRSettings.loadedDevice
*   (709060), (703989) - VR: Fix rendering issues when camera parent is scaled.
*   (none) - VR: Fixed anti aliasing.
*   (none) - VR: Fixed aspect ratio of game view and standalone window.
*   (705638) - VR: Fixed GearVR crash with Android Personal Edition.
*   (none) - VR: Fixed linear lighting.
*   (706852) - VR: Fixed upgrade issue from 5.1.1 which could result in VR loss of functionality.
*   (none) - VR: Reset camera-to-origin pose on scene load to prevent gross error.
*   (none) - WebGL: Fixed an issue using System.IO.Compression.DeflateStream API.
*   (none) - WebGL: Fixed error messages when refreshing or unloading the page.
*   (none) - WebGL: Fixed WWW Downloads failing if they take longer then 5 seconds.
*   (none) - WebGL: Prevent a runtime error due to the NetworkManager and MasterServerInterface not being correctly stripped.
*   (704102) - Windows Phone 8: Fixed crash when building from Editor.
*   (694021) - Windows Phone 8.1: Fixed simulator build.
*   (703879) - Windows Phone: Fixed build failure when using certain classes from System.Net namespace.
*   (none) - Windows Store Apps: Fixed a rare crash at boot when reading AppxManifest.xml.
*   (693303) - Windows Store Apps: Fixed extended splash screen sizing on wp8.1 and scaled WSA.
*   (709350) - Windows Store Apps/Windows Phone: Fix rare build failure while copying plugins.
*   (none) - Windows Store Apps/Windows Phone: Fix Universal apps build, when project name contains whitespaces
*   (702282) - Windows Store Apps/Windows Phone: Fixed an issue with connecting to server using UNet.
*   (670992) - Windows Store Apps/Windows Phone: Fixed serialization when inheriting from class from another assembly with internal field
*   (699656) - Windows Store Apps/Windows Phone: Fixed variable synchronization between WinRT and Mono players (UNet).
*   (695285) - Xbox One: Disabled standard splash screen on Xbox One, which was showing up as a blank grey screen after the initial OS load splash screen.
*   (690152) - Xbox One: Fixed a bug that could cause game chat to fail when more than two players are involved.
*   (none) - Xbox One: Socket descriptions now require template to function (as of April XDK). The editor GUI has been updated to make templates mandatory for all socket descriptions.
*   (none) - Xbox One: The auto-added port for script debugging now implements a template, and works again. It will also get auto-added if you specify to auto-connect the profiler.

### Feature

*   VR: Gear VR is now supported with Unity VR.

### Improvements

*   Editor: Added MonoDevelop Solution Properties toggle to External Tools to disable writing of MonoDevelopProperties section to .sln files.
*   Graphics: Added hexadecimal code support to Color (TryParseHexString, ToHexStringRGB and ToHexStringRGBA).
*   Graphics: Added set to gpu skinning parameter in PlayerSettings.
*   Input: Mouse cursor will be confined to rendered area in Windows standalone (when CursorLockMode.Confined is used).
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Lower memory used by IL2CPP executables at runtime by removing unused overhead from memory profiling and making more data constant.
*   Linux: Removed "faulty GPU driver" workarounds for Intel drivers that claim to support OpenGL 3.0+.
*   Mecanim: Show frame number in avatar previewer.

### Changes

*   Mecanim: AnimatorState runtime speed is now a multiplier apply on the orignal speed rather than an override.

### Fixes

*   AI: Fixed NavMeshAgent path re-planning (typically after carving) when agents are assigned a path via SetPath.
*   AI: Fixed issue causing spurious error message "ag.remainingDistance >= 0.0f" for agents waiting at OffMeshLinks.
*   AI: Fixed problem with performance when scene constains only idle agents with small radii.
*   Android: Now Application.systemLanguage will return Chinese Traditional or Chinese Simplified instead of just Chinese.
*   APIUpdater: Fixed crash when scripts contains some specific generic type / method usages.
*   APIUpdater: Fixed editor hang updater consent dialog is displayed while user is performing a drag & drop.
*   Audio: If the audio output device fails to init, then init to the null device to prevent crash.
*   Audio: The Disable Audio option now prevents FMOD from initializing and allocating resources which are exclusive on some platforms.
*   CEF: Fixed crash when opening the asset store when no network.
*   Cloud Service: Fix for using another encoding for the url.
*   Editor: Fixed bad scene view performance when lots of light gizmos are drawn.
*   Editor: Fixed: Missing icon in Mecanim Transition inspector.
*   Editor: Profiler GameObject count in scene no longer increases when selecting camera.
*   Editor: Undo for editing capsule collider.
*   Editor: Undo for GameObject > Toggle Active State in main menu.
*   GI: Fixed static lightmap baking on a rectangular terrain.
*   GLES: Fixed crash on Vivante GPUs when using binary shaders.
*   Graphics: Fixed inaccurate screenspace scissoring of lights with large range.
*   Graphics: Fixed assertion when LODGroup is scaled to zero.
*   Graphics: Fixed command buffer RenderTargetIdentifier with RenderTexture argument.
*   Graphics: Fixed regression in handling "external" textures (Texture2D.CreateExternalTexture).
*   Graphics: Fixed rendering issues after native rendering plugin GL.IssuePluginEvent() calls on OpenGL ES platforms.
*   Input: Update mouse position when it is outside of rendered area in Windows standalone.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Avoid adding includes and methods (for method declaration includes) for types generated to terminate generic type recursion. iOS/IL2CPP: Correct an error in generated code when a constrained generic parameter type is used in a nested lambda expression.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Correct code generation for a generic type with another generic type as a constraint when the generic parameter for the constraint is a value type.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Corrected the implementation of the ldvirtftn opcode for types using a constrained generic generic parameter.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Correctly invoke an action pointing to an extension method.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Emit memory barriers to ensure the correct acquire and release semantics are enforced for loads and stores of volatile fields.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Ensure that background threads which are not explicitly joined have their resources freed so that the runtime does not leak thread handles.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Fixed a crash which occurred during a call to Socket.SetSocketOption with the AddMembership or DropMembership names.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Fixed managed stack traces.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Fixed a code generation issue when using static constructors in base generic classes.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Generate correct C++ code for a generic virtual method which returns an IEnumerator and has a generic constraint defined on the method it overrides.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Implement embedded resources for IL2CPP.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Prevent a crash when a thread with a name is finalized.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Prevent IL2CPP from throwing an exception at conversion time for a generic type deriving from a generic interface.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Fixed WWWForm.data property getter being extremely slow on IL2CPP.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Fixed a case where static constructor would not be called if an object is constructed within Unity internally.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Fixed an issue which sometimes caused IL2CPP to not call static constructors when Unity created class instances from native code.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Static constructor of base type now gets correctly called if a derived class does not have one when creating an object of a derived type.
*   iOS/Metal: Fixed crash when using preloaded shaders.
*   iOS: Fixed crash on A7 SoC when locking the screen.
*   iOS: Fixed rendering issues when dismissing presenting view controller which overrides orientation constraints.
*   iOS: Fixed simulator crashing on startup due to "Symbol not found: \_\_ZN5metal16g\_CurrentEncoderE".
*   iOS: Now Application.systemLanguage will return Chinese Traditional or Chinese Simplified instead of just Chinese.
*   Linux: Fixed nonASCII input regression.
*   Mecanim: Changing AnimatorState runtime speed from positive to negative value should now correctly play the animation clip backward.
*   Mecanim: Fixed AnimatorState.speed with a value of 0 should now correctly pause the animation clip.
*   Mecanim: Fixed broken copy paste.
*   Mecanim: Fixed firing multiple events at 0.
*   ModuleManager: Fixed exception when opening the Module Manager window.
*   OpenGL: Fixed crash when trying to use unified OpenGL GfxDevice on MacOSX.
*   Plugins: Fixed Standalone settings, toggle buttons were showing platforms as disabled while in reality they were enabled.
*   PS3/PS4: Fixed some separate alpha blending shader states not working properly.
*   Samsung TV: Fixed an issue where games launched on the 2014 TVs without using the Unity Launcher would crash.
*   Scripting: Fixed debugger deadlock on OSX.
*   Scripting: Fixed MonoDevelop incorrectly stepping over recursive methods.
*   Scripting: Fixed Unity crash when using newer versions of the soft debugger client in MonoDevelop.
*   Terrain: Fixed occasional incorrect SpeedTree LOD.
*   Tizen: Display software keyboard correctly in landscape.
*   Tizen: Fixed some typed characters not displaying correctly.
*   Tizen: Removed unnecessary texture compression selector in the build window.
*   Tizen: Resolved "Failed to wait on semaphore" errors when script debugging.
*   Tizen: Resolved build failures when various non-alphanumeric are entered into the product description.
*   Tizen: Resolved rendering errors with Landscape Right screen orientation.
*   Tizen: Set the supported screen sizes key in the manifest. Not doing so results in Tizen store rejections.
*   Tizen: Text typed into software keyboard is now displayed.
*   Tizen: Updated product description field to prevent text wrapping issues.
*   Tizen: Video playback is now supported.
*   TreeEditor: Fixed incorrect labels and tooltips.
*   UNET: Client is not sending/receiving packets and does not disconnect.
*   UNet: Fixed an issue whereby NetworkTransform could corrupt SyncVars.
*   UNet: Fixed an issue whereby Network Serializer breaks on some 64-bit values.
*   UNet: Wrong interpolation in NetworkTransform has been fixed.
*   UNet: Added fixes for multiple NetworkClient objects.
*   UNET: Fixed: Memory continuously builds up with uNet server simply activated.
*   UNET: Fixed: Ping from obsolete connection can cause problem with functionality of new connection.
*   UNET: Fixed: Reliable sequenced channel for reused (disconnect then connect) connection stop working.
*   UNett: Fix for bad error message on networked commands.
*   Unified GL: Fixed mobile bloom and mobile blur shaders (and anything else that used array inputs).
*   Unified GL: Fixed VFACE translation. Unified GL: Shader .cginc include files failed to load if the file to be included had UTF BOM. Fixed.
*   VR: Render scale now functions correctly with 0.6 Oculus SDK.
*   VR: Render scale now works in deferred mode.
*   VR: VR.loadedDevice now works at runtime.
*   WebPlugin: Fixed cross-domain policy bypass issue (reported by Jouko Pynnonen of Klikki Oy).
*   XboxOne: Fixed a crash that occurs in the debug player at startup.

### Known Issues

*   Windows Store Apps: Projects containing white spaces in their names won't build correctly.
    *   Workaround: Remove white spaces from the project name.

Revision: 2046fc06d4d8

NOTE: Unity 5.1 has shifted to Release Candidate phase! As such, a weekly release schedule may not be followed.

### Fixes:

*   Lightmapping: Fixed race condition crash in lightmap bake when converting .exr files.
*   Merge Tool: Handle regression in 5.0.1 introduced by stripped prefabs.
*   Merge Tool: Fix auto fallback spec file detection.
*   iOS/IL2CPP: Remove the precompiled headers build option, as it is no longer supported.
*   Graphics: Fixed Shader.SetPass editor performance (5.1 regression).
*   Graphics: Fixed MSAA + Image Effects + Gamma color space resulting in black game view on DX11 (5.1 regression).
*   Editor: Fixed closing of Frame Debugger window making later wireframe rendering (e.g. model previews) not work (5.1 regression).
*   Mecanim: Fixed Animation previewer not working with AnimationClips longer than 1 seconds with compression enabled.
*   VR: Fixed an IPD scaling issue when Oculus is set to stereoscopic rendering.
*   VR: Fixed a Clipping plane scaling issue. The near clipping plane value was being scaled by a negative value, causing a Clipping Plane value of 0.

### Known Issues:

*   Physics: HingeJoint Bounciness only works when Joint Preprocessing is enabled.
*   VR: Judder on OSX.
*   VR: OSX Standalone 32-bit does not work, use 64-bit.
*   VR: Health and Safety warning flickers. Either physically tap the HMD after 5 seconds to dismiss, or permanently disable the warning at your own risk.
*   Mecanim: Setting AnimatorState.speed to 0 doesn’t pause the animation as expected.
*   Mecanim: Switching runtime AnimatorState.speed from positive to negative break animation continuity.
*   Mecanim: Copy-Pasting StateMachines will not copy the Transitions inside of them.
*   Log-in: No alert if you enter invalid email address or invalid password.

